2013	Fall 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	dr obviously smart woman knows operating systems and work	Dr. T is obviously a smart woman and she knows about operating systems and how they work.
2013	Fall 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	great job making dry information interesting	She does a great job making dry information more interesting.
2013	Fall 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	giving high grades students know little	Giving high grades to students who know very little.
2013	Fall 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	dr knowledgeable subject enjoyed the lectures would reference real world experience fat microsoft correlate the material that learning	Dr. T is very knowledgeable on the subject. I enjoyed the lectures where she would reference her real world experience fat Microsoft and correlate that with the material that we were learning.
2013	Fall 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	instructor great way encouraging students learn the material different groups deliver lecture regarding section of the course	The instructor had a great way of encouraging students to learn the material by having different groups deliver a lecture regarding a section of the course.
2013	Fall 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	easy going though lecture material great the homework makes learn the material	Very easy going, though the lecture material is not that great the homework makes you learn the material.
2013	Fall 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	group presentations helped learn material better	Group presentations helped to learn the material better
2013	Fall 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good reading powerpoints guess	She is good at reading powerpoints, I guess.
2013	Fall 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	definitely knowledgeable course material	She was definitely knowledgeable of the course and its material.
2013	Fall 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	always well prepared class despite long length particular section of the class she structured the class lectures way keep interest she also great job answering questions sense of humor made the long lectures bearable	She was always very well prepared for class. Despite the long length of this particular section of the class she structured the class/lectures in such a way as to keep my interest. She also did a great job answering questions and had a sense of humor which made the long lectures bearable.
2013	Fall 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	would've personally enjoyed programming assignments	I would've personally enjoyed more programming assignments.
2013	Fall 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	professor tzacheva needs get class involved the material covering she tends to speak in monotone voice writes the material the white board nearly word word the book think she is good teacher needs to work on presentation skills make class more interactive and interesting and ask more questions the students	Professor Tzacheva needs to get the class more involved in the material that she is covering. She tends to speak in a monotone voice and writes the material on the white board nearly word for word from the book. I think she is a good teacher but just needs to work on her presentation skills, make class more interactive and interesting, and ask more questions of the students.
2013	Fall 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	little enthusiasm presenting class	A little more enthusiasm when presenting to the class.
2013	Fall 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	talk us half hours class would well integrate clicker questions and discussion	Don't talk at us for 2 and a half hours. The class would do well to integrate clicker questions and discussion
2013	Fall 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	much material outdated lectures homework test straight text outdated material and is material offered compliment the book clarify concepts issue desperately need to fixed	Much of the material is outdated; lectures, homework, and test are straight from a text with outdated material; and there is no material offered to compliment the book or clarify concepts. These issue desperately need to be fixed.
2013	Fall 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	text dry may need updated	Text was dry and may need to be updated.
2013	Fall 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	found class rather boring was enthusiastic manner the material was presented think effective way improve the atmosphere in the class would to restructure the material presented in the class implementing hand class period perhaps live demonstrations the operating systems work on the projector	I found that this class was rather boring. I was not enthusiastic about the manner in which the material was being presented. I think an effective way to improve the atmosphere in the class would be to restructure how the material is presented in the class by implementing a more hand on class period. Perhaps live demonstrations of have the operating systems work on the projector.
2013	Fall 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	entire structure tests seriously changed the tests test well know the material simply test how well you find exact string of text the book you look the class statistics everyone should be well however one really knows the material students brought the odd format of the tests the instructor seems unwilling make appropriate tests glad be getting an class am sad have hardly learned thing should be more programming assignments instead of incredibly easy book questions not satisfied got of this class despite getting an	The entire structure of tests should be seriously changed! The tests do not test how well you know the material, they simply test how well you can find an exact string of text from the book. If you look at the class statistics, everyone should be doing very well (A or B), however no one really knows the material. Students have brought up the odd format of the tests, but the instructor seems unwilling to make more appropriate tests. While I am glad I will be getting an A in this class, I am sad that I have hardly learned a thing. There should be more programming assignments instead of incredibly easy book questions. Over all I was not satisfied with what I got out of this class (despite getting an A).
2013	Fall 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	textbook painful read made topics interesting seem boring	The textbook was painful to read. It made topics that should be interesting seem boring
2013	Fall 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	least half lectures given students groups said promote group work oral presentation skills appreciate this class the place to in opinion would liked to learn operating systems work but instead listened to lectures given by students know in class much technical material as this one feel like students the ones in front of the class	At least half of the lectures were given by students in groups. She said this was to promote group work and oral presentation skills which I can appreciate, but this class isn't the place to do that in my opinion. I would have liked to learn about how operating systems work, but instead I listened to lectures given by students who didn't know any more than I did. In a class with as much technical material as this one, I feel like students shouldn't be the ones in front of the class.
2013	Fall 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	please change test structure actually test the student's knowledge assign programming projects	Please change the test structure to actually test the student's knowledge, and assign more programming projects.
2013	Fall 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	class always starts minutes assigned time period would rather start time leave early disappointed presentation grade felt was participation grade based on individual effort my group put hours of more work presentation and received the grade groups disks that simply printed the chapter and read the book verbatim known it was participation grade would skipped of the creative things make it enjoyable and easy to understand it fair clearly some groups put forth more of effort :(	Class always starts 15-20 minutes after the assigned time period. I would rather start on time and leave early . I was very disappointed with my presentation grade. I felt that it was more of a participation grade than based on individual effort. My group put hours of more work into our presentation and received the same grade as some groups (Disks) that simply printed off the chapter and read from the book , verbatim. If I had known it was a participation grade I would have skipped all of the creative things we did to make it enjoyable and easy to understand. It wasn't fair because clearly some groups put forth more of an effort .:(
2013	Fall 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	talk louder please use doc camera	Talk louder please and use the doc cam.
2013	Fall 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	truly feel time class wasted feel that gained anything my time spent in	I truly feel that my time in this class has been wasted. I do not feel that I have gained anything from my time spent in 3146.
2014	Fall 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	easily available communicate needed	Easily available to communicate with if needed.
2014	Fall 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	straight-forward teaching style well structured online class	Straight-forward teaching style. Well structured for an online class.
2014	Fall 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	text course often referred the bible operating systems giving excuse to read the strength of this course	The text for this course is often referred to as the "bible" of operating systems. Giving me an excuse to read it was the only strength of this course.
2014	Fall 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	instructor really good nothing really enjoyed the powerpoints put together the pictures that were the textbook nothing else extremely useful	The instructor is really good at doing nothing. I really enjoyed the powerpoints that were put together with the pictures that were in the textbook and nothing else. Extremely useful.
2014	Fall 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	instructor knows material well	Instructor knows the material very well.
2014	Fall 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	course lot valuable information	The course has a lot of valuable information.
2014	Fall 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	student the book the instructor's presence hardly noticed online course	It's just the student and the book. The instructor's presence is hardly noticed with this online course.
2014	Fall 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	really wellooking organized important online class	Really wellooking organized which is very important for an online class.
2014	Fall 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	none	None.
2014	Fall 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	loved group project everything smooth resourceful	Loved the group project, everything was smooth, and resourceful!
2014	Fall 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	none	None
2014	Fall 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	text course often referred the bible computer networking giving excuse to read the strength of this course	The text for this course is often referred to as the "bible" of computer networking. Giving me an excuse to read it was the only strength of this course.
2014	Fall 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	straight-forward teaching style organized online class	Straight-forward teaching style. Very organized for an online class.
2014	Fall 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	project course mates good idea	Doing the project with course mates was a good idea.
2014	Fall 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	readily available whenever needed	Readily available whenever needed.
2014	Fall 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	material useful	The Material was useful
2014	Fall 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	great teacher helpful available	Great teacher, helpful, and available
2014	Fall 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	none online course	None, online course.
2014	Fall 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	opinion course outstanding strengths questions often lifted the book verbatim the topics were consistent introduction networking course	In my opinion this course had few outstanding strengths. The questions were often lifted from the book verbatim. The topics were not consistent with an introduction to networking course.
2014	Fall 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good communicating good listening and adjusting certain circumstances	Good a communicating and good at listening and adjusting to certain circumstances
2014	Fall 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	test questions word word answer found the boo the way to get tests grade greater to find format the book supported searching search key words find the exact place in the text that the question came even then was garente that you would get right due to ambiguious wording	the provided powerpoints were useless, most questions to homeworks could be found by searching on the internet, and testing was a nightmare. All test questions had to be the word for word answer found in the boo. The only way to get through tests with a grade greater than an F was to find a format of the book that supported searching, then search key words until you find the exact place in the text that the question came from, and even then there was no garente that you would get it right due to ambiguious wording
2014	Fall 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	none	None
2014	Fall 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	online course notes an in-class course posted moodle feel like this university would put investigation fraud the details this course administrated made public if the university wants this be an online course it go the trouble of designing an online curriculum not simply making the exams open book open note through moodle	This is not an online course. It the notes from an in-class course posted on Moodle. I feel like this university would be put under investigation for fraud if the details of how this course was administrated were made public. If the university wants this to be an online course, it should go through the trouble of designing an online curriculum and not simply making the exams "open book / open note" through Moodle.
2014	Fall 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	comprehensive power point	More comprehensive PowerPoint
2014	Fall 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	find better book	Find a better book.
2014	Fall 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	tests incredibly thourough much the learned information so about finding exact scentences the book and comparing statements the test to check validity	The tests are incredibly thourough and not so much about the learned information but more so about finding exact scentences in the book and comparing them to statements on the test to check for validity.
2014	Fall 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	spread assignments add new ones the end semester comes week period students touch material related the course	Spread out the assignments or add new ones so that when the end of semester comes their is not a 3 week period in which students don't touch any material related to the course
2014	Fall 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	since class offered online would suggest taking group project instead individual project difficult get the group to meet let alone the work of the work was done the people wanted to get good grade	Since this class of offered 100% online, I would suggest taking out the group project and instead having an individual project. It was very difficult to get the group to meet, let alone do the work. Most of the work was done by the few people who wanted to get a good grade.
2014	Fall 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	something post readings moodle way learn reading dry textbook ever written	Do something other than post readings in Moodle. My only way to learn is by reading the most dry textbook ever written.
2014	Fall 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	assign group projects online class reason take classes online the choice prefer work because enjoy the freedom required meet an established place and time and group projects nullify of things come original content for the course reading the text the slides from the publisher the supplemental videos were posted people on tube and the homework questions and exams were pulled straight from the text course provided with absolutely advantage simply buying the textbook and browsing you tube on my own if you must have group project make semester-long thing builds on new topics covered don't make it focus on solving one problem from one sub-section of one chapter from the text	Don't assign group projects for an online only class; the reason I take classes online is because if I have the choice I prefer doing work on my own and because I enjoy the freedom of not being required to meet at an established place and time, and group projects nullify both of those things. Come up with some original content for the course. Our reading was from the text, the slides were from the publisher, the supplemental videos were posted by other people on YouTube, and the homework questions and exams were pulled straight from the text. This course provided me with absolutely no advantage over simply buying the textbook and browsing YouTube on my own. If you must have a group project, make it a semester-long thing that builds on itself as new topics are covered; don't make it focus on solving one problem from one sub-section of one chapter from the text.
2014	Fall 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	teacher communicate us communication with us	The teacher does not communicate with us at all. Have more communication with us.
2014	Fall 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	test online difficult questions were the questions requiring detail	The test online were very difficult because questions were the same with some questions requiring just more detail
2014	Fall 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	professor lacks communication skills takes long time reply to emails emails clear	Professor lacks communication skills. Takes a long time to reply to emails and emails are not very clear.
2014	Fall 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	make groups smaller organizing people different schedules extremely hard inevitably people nothing the group project	Make the groups smaller. Organizing 7 people with different schedules is extremely hard. There will inevitably be people that have nothing to do in the group project.
2014	Fall 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	would suggest letting students pick partners group project	I would suggest letting students pick their partners for the group project.
2014	Fall 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	please remove programming group project class believe the students enrolled this class expecting online course group project component many people choose to enroll in an online course of scheduling conflicts due to work other classes home life huge pain to have to corral the the students to produce work for group project in time and especially since the form of communication was email saw the other students every other day in class believe that the results would have differed also believe that the project's programming aspect was quite challenge for students and were adequately prepared for it none of the programming classes that have taken ever taught the class to program would not mind project that required writing one if learned how to do it beforehand either in another programming class if this class had taught us the project was even assigned	Please remove the programming group project for this class. I nor do I believe that any of the other students enrolled in this class were expecting an online course to have a group project component. Many people choose to enroll in an online course because of scheduling conflicts due to work, other classes and home life. It was a huge pain to have to corral the the students to produce work for our group project in time and especially so since the only form of communication was through email, if I saw the other students every other day in class I believe that the results would have differed. I also believe that the project's programming aspect was quite a challenge for most students and we were not adequately prepared for it. None of the programming classes that I have taken a UNCC ever taught the class how to program a GUI. I would not mind doing a project that required writing one if I had learned how to do it beforehand either in another programming class or if this class had taught us before the project was even assigned.
2014	Fall 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	relying students read the text learn incredibly inefficient good method to encourage students to learn	Just relying on the students to read the text and learn is incredibly inefficient. This isn't a good method to encourage students to learn.
2014	Fall 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	think relying book publishers slides video content less would helpful also providing focused lecture notes and possibly providing videos that tightly integrated course objectives always clear	I think that relying on the book publishers slides and video content less would be helpful. Also providing more focused lecture notes and possibly providing videos that are tightly integrated with course objectives. Which to me were not always clear.
2014	Fall 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	since online course think much room improvement	Since it was an online course, I don't think there is much room for improvement.
2014	Fall 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	please remove programming group project class believe the students enrolled this class expecting online course group project component many people choose to enroll in an online course of scheduling conflicts due to work other classes home life huge pain to have to corral the the students to produce work for group project in time and especially since the form of communication was email saw the other students every other day in class believe that the results would have differed also believe that the project's programming aspect was quite challenge for students and were adequately prepared for it none of the programming classes that have taken ever taught the class to program would not mind project that required writing one if learned how to do it beforehand either in another programming class if this class had taught us the project was even assigned	Please remove the programming group project for this class. I nor do I believe that any of the other students enrolled in this class were expecting an online course to have a group project component. Many people choose to enroll in an online course because of scheduling conflicts due to work, other classes and home life. It was a huge pain to have to corral the the students to produce work for our group project in time and especially so since the only form of communication was through email, if I saw the other students every other day in class I believe that the results would have differed. I also believe that the project's programming aspect was quite a challenge for most students and we were not adequately prepared for it. None of the programming classes that I have taken a UNCC ever taught the class how to program a GUI. I would not mind doing a project that required writing one if I had learned how to do it beforehand either in another programming class or if this class had taught us before the project was even assigned.
2014	Fall 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	none	None
2014	Fall 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	make groups smaller hard organize people	Make the groups smaller. Hard to organize 6 or 7 people.
2014	Fall 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	assign group projects online class reason take classes online the choice prefer work because enjoy the freedom required meet an established place and time and group projects nullify of things come original content for the course reading the text the slides from the publisher the supplemental videos were posted people on tube and the homework questions and exams were pulled straight from the text course provided with absolutely advantage simply buying the textbook and browsing you tube on my own if you must have group project make semester-long thing builds on new topics covered don't make it focus on solving one problem from one sub-section of one chapter from the text	Don't assign group projects for an online only class; the reason I take classes online is because if I have the choice I prefer doing work on my own and because I enjoy the freedom of not being required to meet at an established place and time, and group projects nullify both of those things. Come up with some original content for the course. Our reading was from the text, the slides were from the publisher, the supplemental videos were posted by other people on YouTube, and the homework questions and exams were pulled straight from the text. This course provided me with absolutely no advantage over simply buying the textbook and browsing YouTube on my own. If you must have a group project, make it a semester-long thing that builds on itself as new topics are covered; don't make it focus on solving one problem from one sub-section of one chapter from the text.
2014	Fall 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	online	Not online
2014	Fall 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	get rid group project	Get rid of the group project.
2014	Fall 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	responses survey intended to indicate shortfalls course instructor many of the questions simply not apply since took the course online	My responses to this survey are not intended to indicate any shortfalls of the course and/or instructor. Many of the questions simply do not apply since I took the course online.
2014	Fall 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	great class	Great class!
2014	Fall 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	really looking forward taking course learn something i'm satisfied unless understand fundamental level therefore was greatly looking forward to getting introduction to most basic level software computing system however the laziness of the instructor exhibited primarily over-reliance the sometimes heady complicated text well as her complete lack of original learning material and the inefficient and sloppy style of instruction left disappointed and almost as ignorant of operating systems fundamentals as was took the course	I was really looking forward to taking this course; when I learn about something, I'm not satisfied unless I can understand it at its most fundamental level. Therefore, I was greatly looking forward to getting an introduction to the most basic level of software in any computing system. However, the laziness of the instructor (exhibited primarily by her over-reliance on the sometimes heady and complicated text, as well as her complete lack of original learning material) and the inefficient and sloppy style of "instruction" left me disappointed and almost as ignorant of operating systems fundamentals as I was before I took the course.
2014	Fall 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	learned nothing course required course is group project handful of-question assignments is little motivation learn material care nothing took test knowing absolutely nothing about the material yet came you allow three hours on question online exam would say this course waste time actually to spend time on it was big waste of my money though	I learned nothing in this course. When all that is required for the course is 1 group project and a handful of 2-question assignments, there is little motivation to learn material you care nothing about. I took each test knowing absolutely nothing about the material, yet came out with As on both because you allow three hours on a 20 question online exam. I would say this course was a waste of my time, but I didn't actually have to spend any time on it. It was a big waste of my money though.
2014	Fall 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	book chosen course amazing learning tool is lot useful necessary information covered the textbook this hardly applies classes hope the instructor continue using this book in the future	The book which was chosen for this course is an amazing learning tool. There is a lot of very useful and necessary information covered in the textbook. This hardly applies to all classes. I hope that the instructor will continue using this book in the future.
2014	Fall 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	wish taken class rather online information feel get much this class compared took in in class	I wish I had taken this in class rather than online. While the information is there I feel I will not get as much out of this class compared to if I took in in class
2014	Fall 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	absolutely online course networking section should be course time dedicated operating systems this course feel like barely learned anything this course despite earning an and need to take proper course point to compensate	This should absolutely not be an online course, and the Networking section should be its own course with more time dedicated to Operating Systems in this course. I feel like I barely learned anything from this course despite earning an A, and I will need to take a proper OS course at some point to compensate.
2014	Fall 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	nope	Nope
2014	Fall 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	none	None
2014	Fall 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	really looking forward taking course days computer networks almost synonymous computers with rise the cloud and saa one cannot software engineer developer without solid understanding of networks work however the laziness of the instructor exhibited primarily over-reliance the sometimes heady and complicated text well as her complete lack of original learning material and the inefficient and sloppy style of instruction left disappointed and almost as ignorant of networking as was took the course	I was really looking forward to taking this course; these days, computer networks are almost synonymous with computers themselves, and with the rise of the cloud and SaaS, one cannot be a software engineer or developer without having a solid understanding of how networks work. However, the laziness of the instructor (exhibited primarily by her over-reliance on the sometimes heady and complicated text, as well as her complete lack of original learning material) and the inefficient and sloppy style of "instruction" left me disappointed and almost as ignorant of networking as I was before I took the course.
2014	Fall 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	great class	Great class!
2014	Fall 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	none	None
2014	Fall 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	get rid group project	Get rid of the group project.
2014	Fall 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	like online course compaints	I like the online course and have no compaints
2014	Fall 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	neutral answers means section online class	Neutral answers means N/A because this section is an online class
2014	Fall 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	group project class made seemed little relevance to the course required to program simulation packet routing complete ... which have only touched on the barest form in programming classes barest form mean nothing user input dialog boxes displaying simple messages to the user needless to say this was quite difficult	The group project for this class, (which I made an A on) seemed to have little relevance to the course itself. I was required to program a simulation of packet routing, complete with a GUI...which we have only only touched on in the barest form in my programming classes at UNCC. By barest form I mean nothing more than user input and Dialog boxes displaying simple messages to the user. So needless to say this was quite difficult.
2015	Fall 2015	Transf Skills for Career Succ	Outstanding strengths of the course and instruction	organized great motivator	Organized and a great motivator
2015	Fall 2015	Operating Systems and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	friendly	Friendly.
2015	Fall 2015	Operating Systems and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	organized	Very organized.
2015	Fall 2015	Operating Systems and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	video cases nice way learning of material	Video cases were a nice way of learning some of the material.
2015	Fall 2015	Operating Systems and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	material within the course dry instructor tried make interesting	The material within the course was very dry, but my instructor tried to make it interesting.
2015	Fall 2015	Operating Systems and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	tests online	Tests are online
2015	Fall 2015	Operating Systems and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	never instructor less qualified teach instructor	I have never had an instructor less qualified to teach than this instructor.
2015	Fall 2015	Operating Systems and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	please see last area	Please see the last area.
2015	Fall 2015	Operating Syst and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	quick turn around grades questions	Very quick turn around for grades and questions
2015	Fall 2015	Operating Syst and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	material easy understand actually learned the assignments	The material was easy to understand and I actually learned from doing the assignments.
2015	Fall 2015	Operating Syst and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	provides broad understanding operating system interacts the hardware higher level programs	It provides a broad understanding of how the operating system interacts with the hardware and higher level programs.
2015	Fall 2015	Operating Syst and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	responds emails timely manner	Responds to emails in a timely manner
2015	Fall 2015	Operating Syst and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	wonderful professor nice very helpful amazing instructor	Wonderful professor! Very nice, very helpful, and an amazing instructor!
2015	Fall 2015	Operating Syst and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	everything book clear expectations needs learned	Everything is from the book, so there are clear expectations of what needs to be learned.
2015	Fall 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	course extremely interesting useful many computer scientists future careers and provides mostly thorough view networking the world	The course itself is extremely interesting, useful to my and many computer scientists' future careers, and provides a mostly thorough view of Networking in the world.
2015	Fall 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	dr tzacheva always available whenever needed ask question needed guidance assignment	Dr. Tzacheva was always available whenever I needed to ask a question or needed guidance on an assignment
2015	Fall 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	none	None
2015	Fall 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	instructor great listener respects students tries help best as she	My instructor is a great listener and respects all students. She tries to help you as best as she can
2015	Fall 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	none	None.
2015	Fall 2015	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	please see last area	Please see the last area.
2015	Fall 2015	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	hire different instructor please	Hire a different instructor, please.
2015	Fall 2015	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	make lectures interesting grab people's attention	Make lectures more interesting and grab people's attention.
2015	Fall 2015	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	think needs confident teaching she pretty quiet think students take advantage and take seriously	I think she needs to be more confident when she's teaching. She is pretty quiet and I think students take advantage of that and don't take her seriously.
2015	Fall 2015	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	understand course bound dry can't seem much room improvement	I understand that this course is bound to be very dry, I can't seem much room for improvement.
2015	Fall 2015	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	small introduction many students talked to class prior to taught us to create is required group project asked going to learn instructor said we already know them	A small introduction to GUIs, as many of the students I talked to didn't have a class prior to this that taught us how to create GUIs, but was required for our group project. When asked if we were going to learn about them, instructor said we should already know them.
2015	Fall 2015	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	maybe hands activities similar programming part the group project	Maybe more hands on activities, similar to the programming part of the group project.
2015	Fall 2015	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	flipped class room the lecture version class clearly designed online waste of time the lectures seemed useless relevant to the tests tests questions came nearly word for word the text book and the book be found online simple and easily get's every test and assignment control	The flipped class room for the lecture version of a class clearly designed to be online was just a waste of time. The lectures seemed useless and not relevant to the tests. All tests questions came nearly word for word from the text book and as the book can be found online its a simple ctrl + f and easily get 100's on every test and assignment.
2015	Fall 2015	Operating Syst and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	group project opinion individual assignment reason talking groups have gathered that ended happening was one person would the entire project to avoid the communication overhead	There was a group project that in my opinion should have been an individual assignment. The reason is because from talking to other groups, I have gathered that what ended up happening was one person would do the entire project to avoid having the communication overhead.
2015	Fall 2015	Operating Syst and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	none	None
2015	Fall 2015	Operating Syst and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	generally one two ambiguous questions test whose answer depended on certain interpretation question short make sure the test questions clear require assumptions	Generally, there were one or two ambiguous questions on each test whose answer depended on a certain interpretation of the question. In short, make sure the test questions are clear and don't require assumptions.
2015	Fall 2015	Operating Syst and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	cannot think maybe make interesting	I cannot think of any. Maybe make it more interesting.
2015	Fall 2015	Operating Syst and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	needs taught class	This needs to be taught in class.
2015	Fall 2015	Operating Syst and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	textbook verbose personally like author's writing style	Textbook was too verbose; did not personally like the author's writing style
2015	Fall 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	would generally helpful professor could be bothered show to class time minutes late every class could actually answer questions course material students teaching course	Would generally be helpful if professor could be bothered to show up to class on time, not 10+ minutes late every class, could actually answer questions about course material, and didn't have students teaching 50% of the course.
2015	Fall 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	time group class discuss topics regarding homework questions may the class	More time with your group in class to discuss topics regarding the homework or any other questions you may have about the class
2015	Fall 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	needs speak louder needs to answer questions better needs to make class actually reversed	Needs to speak louder, needs to answer questions better, needs to make the class actually reversed
2015	Fall 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	class three hours long	This class should not be three hours long.
2015	Fall 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	instructor absolutely impossible follow the lectures essentially reading shorthand notes powerpoint much confusing necessary accent hard to understand person lived abroad feels completely pointless compared to the work the homework group assignments and even tests seem completely different from the actual course content is fair to give open-note exams the course seems superfluous and uninteresting forget in class due to the inconsistent nature group work discussion points	The instructor is absolutely impossible to follow. The lectures are essentially reading shorthand notes from a powerpoint, much more confusing than necessary, in an accent very hard to understand (for a person who has lived abroad), and feels completely pointless compared to the work. The homework, group assignments, and even tests seem completely different from the actual course content. It is fair to give open-note exams, but the course itself seems superfluous and uninteresting. I forget I am in this class due to the inconsistent nature of group work, discussion points.
2015	Fall 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	writing board make sure the markers write half the time could read written also people the front row cannot see what written on the opposite side the screen sitting	When writing on the board make sure the markers write, half the time I could not read what was written. Also people in the front row cannot see what is being written on the opposite side of the screen from where they are sitting.
2015	Fall 2015	Operating Systems and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	course miles difficult would have been much more helpful could asked information this course and be able answer correctly understand it also to to learn material it should be up to to ensure that actually learned something anything have	This course should have been miles more difficult and would have been much more helpful if it was. I could be asked any information about this course and i wouldn't be able to answer them correctly. As I understand that it is also up to me to learn the material it should be up to you to ensure that ive actually learned something/anything.
2015	Fall 2015	Operating Systems and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	even though fairly poor team group project helped learn topics hand think my professor pretty decent job the course material	Even though I had a fairly poor team for my group project, it helped me learn more about the topics at hand. I think my professor did a pretty decent job with the course material.
2015	Fall 2015	Operating Systems and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	would like preface asking to please excuse snappiness rashness writing upset this professor performed this professor laziest professor ever come across lectures reading notes writing bunch of words the board usually have relevance to any assignments or the tests assignments consist of questions semi-randomly plucked the textbook video assignments are just you tube videos are questions taken straight from the video time management lectures is awful initially has assignments due at the end of class either leaves minutes to turn in or extends the deadline to midnight she left no time at group work and presentations are complete waste of time tests are absolutely horrible and lazily thrown together one question's correct answer based on the difference exits and exists would like to mention that think the flipped class style of the course is to blame am taking accounting class which is flipped class and is actually quite good but in that case the professor actually puts the course example makes all of the videos watch outside of class rather plucking videos from you tube	I would like to preface this by asking you to please excuse any snappiness or rashness in my writing. I am very upset at how this professor has performed. This professor is the laziest professor I have ever come across. Lectures are just reading off of notes and writing a bunch of words on the board, which usually have no relevance to any assignments or the tests. Assignments consist of 2 questions semi-randomly plucked from the textbook. Video assignments are just YouTube videos (that are not hers) with questions taken straight from the video. Time management for her lectures is awful, as she initially has assignments due at the end of class but either a) leaves about 10 minutes to turn them in or b) extends the deadline to midnight because she left no time at all. Group work and presentations are a complete waste of time. Tests are absolutely horrible and lazily thrown together (One question's correct answer was based on the difference between "exits" and "exists"). I would like to mention that I think the flipped class style of the course is NOT to blame. I am taking an Accounting class which is a flipped class and it is actually quite good. But in that case the professor actually puts EFFORT into the course (Example: He makes all of the videos we watch outside of class himself rather than plucking videos from YouTube).
2015	Fall 2015	Operating Syst and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	online version the class	This was the online version of the class
2015	Fall 2015	Operating Syst and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	grader consistent especially the group project realized discussing the group project group members	The grader was not very consistent, especially on the group project. I realized this after discussing the group project with other group members.
2015	Fall 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	power point spit inviting way learn material	material is literally taken from the book and slapped onto a PowerPoint and spit out; not a very inviting way to learn material
2015	Fall 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	well thought plans ideas	She has well thought out plans and ideas
2015	Fall 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	thing professor efficient is wasting people's time attendance part grade i'd willing bet the class would be close to empty	Only thing this professor is efficient at is wasting people's time, if attendance wasn't a part of the grade I'd be willing to bet the class would be close to empty.
2016	Fall 2016	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	strong knowledge every topic we've covered	Strong knowledge on every topic we've covered in ITCS 3166.
2016	Fall 2016	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	amazing	Amazing
2016	Fall 2016	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	incredibly smart	She's incredibly smart
2016	Fall 2016	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	really enjoyed went homework assignments the week due how she provided time class work the assignments similarly enjoyed how she used tube videos to teach the topics	I really enjoyed how she went over the homework assignments the week after they were due and how she provided time in class to work on the assignments. Similarly, I enjoyed how she used YouTube videos to teach some of the topics.
2016	Fall 2016	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	knowledgeable organized	Very knowledgeable and organized.
2016	Fall 2016	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	course know anything grades everything partially she gives marks people she knows	The TA for this course does not know anything. She grades everything partially, she gives marks to people who she knows .
2016	Fall 2016	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	practical implementation class assignment helpful learning	Practical implementation. In class assignment. Both are very helpful for learning.
2016	Fall 2016	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	clear way explanation	Clear way of explanation.
2016	Fall 2016	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	interesting topics	Interesting topics
2016	Fall 2016	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	nothing specific	Nothing Specific
2016	Fall 2016	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	assignments	Assignments
2016	Fall 2016	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	love class divided theoretical hands-on part learned lot hands-on parts	I love that each class is divided into a theoretical and a hands-on part. Learned a lot during the hands-on parts.
2016	Fall 2016	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	interesting knowledge	Interesting Knowledge
2016	Fall 2016	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	presentation style the instructor keeps the detailed topics fully understood speaking difficult understand the writing the board is small	The presentation style of the instructor keeps the detailed topics from being fully understood. Speaking is difficult to understand and the writing on the board is too small.
2016	Fall 2016	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	would liked receive feedback to groups grade presentation received grade sheet unable to see points taken were taken off additionally wish would have provided feedback on the project components required to turned three days the presentation they could be adjusted the presentation needed finally would post the solution to the homework assignments exams online aware we went in class however would have liked to go over them and ensure was correct on my going off wish she would have allowed us week to the homework instead of day this is especially true the videos were long and dry or they were three or assignments due in day	I would have liked to receive feedback as to my groups grade on our presentation. While we received the grade sheet, I was unable to see where points were taken off or why they were taken off. Additionally, I wish she would have provided feedback on the project components, which is required to be turned in three days before the presentation, so they could be adjusted for the presentation if needed. Finally, I would post the solution to the homework assignments and exams online. I am aware that we went over them in class, however, I would have liked to go over them and ensure I was correct on my own. Going off of this, I wish she would have allowed us a week to do the homework instead of a day. This is especially true when the videos were long and dry or they were three or more assignments due in a day.
2016	Fall 2016	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	make people close laptops stay their phones lecture	Make people close their laptops and stay off their phones during lecture
2016	Fall 2016	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	make course monday wednesda friday hours course long used hour minutes for class periods and is students	Make the course Monday, Wednesda,yFriday, 3 hours for a course is too long. I am used to 1 hour and 15 minutes for class periods and so is most students
2016	Fall 2016	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	information provided along projects given	There should be more information provided along with the projects given.
2016	Fall 2016	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	make class interactive involved	To make the class more interactive and involved
2016	Fall 2016	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	please change	Please change the TA.
2016	Fall 2016	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	knowledge	Knowledge
2016	Fall 2016	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	try engage students lecture part testing student's understanding the presented content frequently either ask questions to the plenum collect short written answers multiple choice question the screen let students raise hands the answer think correct also you could distribute slides prior to class slides identical to the ones you present the exception that they contain blanks that students are supposed to fill these and more methods taught to teaching seminar offered by the center for teaching and learning sure they help you improve you want to	Try to engage students more during the lecture part. You do that by testing student's understanding of the presented content frequently. Either ask questions to the plenum, collect short written answers, or have a multiple choice question on the screen and let students raise their hands for the answer they think is correct. Also, you could distribute slides prior to class. These slides are identical to the ones you present with the exception that they contain blanks that students are supposed to fill. These and more methods were taught to me in a teaching seminar offered by the Center for Teaching and Learning. I am sure they can help you improve if you want to.
2016	Fall 2016	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	teaching methdology	Teaching methdology
2016	Fall 2016	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	nothing specific	Nothing Specific
2016	Fall 2016	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	instructor improve teaching	Instructor should improve teaching
2016	Fall 2016	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	great teacher good job	Great teacher, good job.
2016	Fall 2016	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	amazing	Amazing
2016	Fall 2016	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	keep doing	Keep doing what you're doing
2016	Fall 2016	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	ultimately enjoyed course however wish professor showed enthusiasm towards teaching	Ultimately, I enjoyed this course however I wish that the professor showed more enthusiasm towards what she was teaching.
2016	Fall 2016	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	course effective made effective interactive is imp course students feel can be more done part this course Computer	The course is not effective. Can be made more effective and interactive. This is a very imp course for MSIT/Comp students. I feel there can be more done as part of this course.
2016	Fall 2016	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	nothing specific	Nothing Specific
2016	Fall 2016	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	interesting knowledge	Interesting Knowledge
2017	Fall 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	course curriculum good	Course curriculum is good.
2017	Fall 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	learning environment	Learning environment
2017	Fall 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good amount information study time large amount of information taught informed of plenty of new technology techniques	Good amount of information to study during my own time. Large amount of information taught. Was informed of plenty of new technology and techniques.
2017	Fall 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	learn big data technologies hadoop spark	I can learn big data technologies such as Hadoop and Spark
2017	Fall 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	best professor	Best professor
2017	Fall 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	instructor well prepared shared good study materials	Instructor well prepared and shared good study materials
2017	Fall 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	nothing much highlight	Nothing much to highlight
2017	Fall 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	video cases class assignments active interests us work in combined fashion	Video cases, class assignments are very active and interests us in doing the work in a combined fashion.
2017	Fall 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	always prepared lectures extensive resources posted website	She is always prepared for lectures and has extensive resources posted to her website.
2017	Fall 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good material	Good Material
2017	Fall 2017	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	knowledgable	Knowledgable
2017	Fall 2017	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	strict student-friendly	- Not very strict. - Student-friendly
2017	Fall 2017	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	generally introduce lastest topic good depth	Generally introduce the lastest topic in good depth.
2017	Fall 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	group project conductive learning	Group project was conductive to learning.
2017	Fall 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	professor good understanding course topics always responded emails timely manor	Professor had a good understanding of the course topics. She always responded to emails in a timely manor.
2017	Fall 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	helpful class really enjoyed videos	Very helpful class. Really enjoyed the videos.
2017	Fall 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	excellent excellent	Excellent! Excellent!
2017	Fall 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	great online course learned lot video exercise questions well as the immense amount resources available review	Great online course! I learned a lot through the video and exercise questions, as well as the immense amount of resources available for review!
2017	Fall 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	exercises projects available turn thre beginning course the exception of test were visible ble takable untill the assigned day	All exercises and projects were available to turn in from thre very beginning of the course, (with the exception of test, which were visible ble but not takable untill the assigned day)
2017	Fall 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	online class information since the beginning the semester made everything convenient work	This was an online class, so we had all the information since the beginning of the semester. It made everything convenient to work with
2017	Fall 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	overall difficult work load	Overall not a difficult work load.
2017	Fall 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	conductive environment	More conductive environment
2017	Fall 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	enthusiasm class the instructor make the class lively interactive	There was no enthusiasm in the class. The instructor should make the class more lively and interactive.
2017	Fall 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	class technical	The class should be more technical
2017	Fall 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	could engaging lectures talk the class rather reading the notes the powerpoint slides paper appears she know that material that well she to read the notes she has written slide it also leads to lot pauses and downtime during the lecture she reviewing her notes for the next slide presenting it also the exercises really valuable because copying and pasting code learned to navigate various tools how to actually use tools to apply data mining algorithms be less time spent on revisiting theory behind mining algorithms is covered required courses and more time on the actual implementation and coding for hadoop	She could be more engaging during the lectures, and talk to the class rather than reading the notes on the Powerpoint slides from her paper. It appears that she doesn't know that material that well because she has to read the notes she has written for each slide. It also leads to a lot of pauses and downtime during the lecture as she is reviewing her notes for the next slide before presenting it. Also, the exercises aren't really valuable because we are just copying and pasting code. I have learned some about how to navigate various tools, but not how to actually use those tools to apply data mining algorithms. There should be less time spent on revisiting theory behind mining algorithms, which is covered in other required courses, and more time on the actual implementation and coding for Hadoop.
2017	Fall 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	course much learn wasted lots class learning basic analytics topics we already learnt in courses could have hands though weekly assignments the instructions were given more like robotic implementation of instructions learning take back course was less there proper project to implement whatever we have learnt	The course has so much to learn but we wasted lots of class in learning basic analytics topics which we have already learnt in other courses. Could have been more hands on. Though there were weekly assignments, all the instructions were given before it was more like a robotic implementation of instructions than learning. Take back from this course was very less. And there is no proper project to implement whatever we have learnt.
2017	Fall 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	need include cloud specific latest strategies architectures strengths drawbacks using cloud computing enterprise	Need to include more cloud specific latest strategies, architectures, strengths and drawbacks of using cloud computing in an enterprise.
2017	Fall 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	course syllabus well organized	Course syllabus is well organized
2017	Fall 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	could spend time explain practical things code algorithms instead basic concept	Could spend more time to explain practical things such as code and algorithms instead of basic concept
2017	Fall 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	challenge students revise excercises activities more clear instructions more hands programming and learning technologies	More challenge for students. Revise excercises and activities to be more clear in instructions. More hands on programming and learning of technologies
2017	Fall 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	work improved	Work should be improved
2017	Fall 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	interesting way teaching	More interesting way of teaching
2017	Fall 2017	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	teaching style interesting	- Teaching style should be more interesting
2017	Fall 2017	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	professor needs interactions the students class involve students to interact learn lectures more like monolog and she doesn't talk to students also everything slow in the class class doesn't start on-time always least to minutes delay in starting time the class even break there minutes of break sometimes breaks were more minutes	The professor needs to have more interactions with the students in class. She doesn't involve students to interact and learn. Her lectures are more like a monolog and she doesn't talk to students. Also, everything is very slow in the class. Class doesn't start on-time. There were always, at least, 10 to 15 minutes delay in starting time of the class, even after each break, that there should be just 15 minutes of break. Sometimes breaks were more than 30 minutes.
2017	Fall 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	update information used assignments exams	Update the information used on assignments and exams.
2017	Fall 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	idea day look assignment currently due labeling the assignments became confusing	even though everything was laid out for us at the beginning of the semester, the level of organization of it all was extremely poor. I had no idea what day to look at, or which assignment that was currently due. The labeling of the assignments became very confusing.
2017	Fall 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	video lectures poor audio visual quality making hard watch and learn	The video lectures had poor audio and visual quality, making it hard to watch and learn from.
2017	Fall 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	final project way the heads group needs additional instruction the process of building java and the logic behind the coding portion was major difficulty spike compared to the previous coding courses that i've taken charlotte	The final project was way above the heads of me and my group. There needs to be additional instruction on the process of building a Java GUI and the logic behind the coding portion, because that was a major difficulty spike compared to the previous coding courses that I've taken at UNC Charlotte.
2017	Fall 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	project online classes may hassle	Project for online classes may be a hassle.
2017	Fall 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	links additional information subjects	Links for additional information on subjects.
2017	Fall 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	make little clear project group small miss understanding the project finally figured it	Make it a little more clear for the project. My group had a small miss understanding of the project, but we finally figured it out.
2017	Fall 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	almost direction focus on reading students to read entire textbooks independently hope get the information	There is almost no direction on what to focus on for the reading; students have to read entire textbooks independently and hope that they get the information.
2017	Fall 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	comments	No comments
2017	Fall 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	submitted video file class presentation professor said course online course next semester i'm questioning that students in this semester provide class materials the next semester to the professor	I submitted video file to do in class presentation. The professor said that this course will be online course from next semester. But, I'm questioning that why students in this semester provide class materials for the next semester to the professor?
2017	Fall 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	nothing say met requirement	Nothing to say. Met my requirement
2017	Fall 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	materials helpful	All other materials are helpful.
2017	Fall 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	unfair force students to take section cloud computing was section also available guess take back the other section would far better	It was very unfair to force the DSBA students to take only this section of Cloud computing when there was other section also available. I guess my take back from the other section would have been far better.
2017	Fall 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	lot assignments like the video cases seem like busy work teach much time would better spent talking the programs implemented hadoop and going the details of the sample code	A lot of the assignments, like the video cases, seem like busy work and don't teach much. Time would be better spent talking about how the programs are being implemented in Hadoop and going through the details of the sample code.
2017	Fall 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	information provided already canvas lecture notes exam information may avoid writing whiteboard save time useful activities	If there are some information provided already in canvas or lecture notes (E.g. Exam information), you may avoid writing on whiteboard to save that time for more useful activities.
2017	Fall 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	many activities home too much time spent project presentations	Too many activities in home and too much of time spent for project presentations
2017	Fall 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	provide direction lessons instead massive amounts of notes reading without guidence	Provide direction to lessons instead of massive amounts of notes/reading without guidence.
2017	Fall 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	really enjoyed class liked the assignments easy read the material	Really enjoyed the class over all. I liked the assignments, they were easy (if you read the material)
2017	Fall 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	really enjoyed class	I really enjoyed this class!
2017	Fall 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	feel like really big disconnect course wish could taken in personwith this professor becuase it was easy class think learned anything videos don't think the professor ever emailed us announced anything the monica	I feel like there was a really big disconnect in this course. I wish I could have taken it in personwith this professor becuase while it was a very easy class, I don't think I learned anything through the videos. I don't think the professor ever emailed us or announced anything; the TA Monica did.
2017	Fall 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	tests structured difficult fashion were fair final project needs reworked well as structure the syllabus online strange to open text file links instead of having separate canvas modules things like project requirements project groups	Tests were structured in a difficult fashion, but were fair. Final project needs to be reworked, as well as the structure of the Syllabus online. It was strange having to open text file links instead of having separate Canvas modules for things like Project Requirements and project groups.
2017	Fall 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	good class learned content ability self pace lot	Good class, I learned alot, and was content with the ability to self pace.
2017	Fall 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	class online course was include group project requires students meet talk project that honestly defeats purpose making it an online course	If this class was an online course (which it was for me) Do Not Include A Group Project, that requires students to meet up and talk about a project. That honestly defeats the purpose of making it an online course.
2017	Fall 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	engaged clear old materials directly recycled course information touched couple semesters	Be more engaged. It's very clear that old materials where directly recycled and the course information hasn't been touched in a couple semesters.
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Intro to Computer Networks	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	project presentations video lectures online	Project presentations and video lectures online
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	inclass assignments	Inclass assignments
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	mid term	Mid Term
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	project	The project
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	assignments	Assignments
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	class excercises	Class excercises
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	interactive learning	Interactive learning
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	project class lectures exercises	Project, class lectures and exercises
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	inclass assignments	Inclass assignments
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	class presentations in class exercises	In class presentations, in class exercises
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	assignments lecture notes lecture videos	Assignments, lecture notes, lecture videos
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	exercises	Exercises
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	in-class activities	The in-class activities
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	none	None
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	creating solutions problems class	Creating solutions for problems in class.
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	class activities	In class activities
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	teaching concepts good explains problems working	The teaching of concepts is very good as she explains all problems by working them out.
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	hadoop map reduce	Hadoop, MapReduce
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	class activities	In class activities
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	class assignments	In class assignments
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	course materials	Course materials
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	assignments projects	Assignments and projects
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	inclass assignments	The inclass assignments
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	class assignments good	In class assignments are very good
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	mid term	Mid Term
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	in-class exercises homeworks	In-class exercises and homeworks.
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	assignment	Assignment
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	assignments	Assignments
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	class assignments	In class Assignments
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	daily assignments	Daily assignments
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Pre-dissertation Research	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	background reading definitely studying the current state the art reading papers	The background reading. Definitely studying the current state of the art and reading papers.
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Pre-dissertation Research	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	projects	Projects
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Intro to Computer Networks	Why do you find these activities most helpful	provide reinforcement content learn class	They provide reinforcement to the content that we learn in class.
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities most helpful	gives idea solve problem understanding the steps of solving	This gives idea of how to solve the problem and understanding the steps of solving them.
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities most helpful	helps us practice	Helps us practice
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities most helpful	instant understanding topics	Instant understanding of topics.
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities most helpful	none	None
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities most helpful	exercises help understand deeply topics	Exercises help me understand deeply topics
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities most helpful	provide detailed info learning	They provide detailed info for learning
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities most helpful	submitting assignments the class finds helpful	Submitting the assignments in the class itself finds helpful to me
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities most helpful	helps leaen things immediately	Helps to leaen things immediately
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities most helpful	get share knowledge	Get to share knowledge
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities most helpful	helps understanding subject practicing mathematical aspects	Helps understanding subject and practicing mathematical aspects of KDD
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities most helpful	learn different computing languages	Can learn different computing languages
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities most helpful	mid term questions tough challenging	Mid Term questions are tough and challenging
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities most helpful	helps learn concepts clearly	Helps to learn concepts clearly.
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Why do you find these activities most helpful	motivation learn	Motivation to learn
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Why do you find these activities most helpful	discuss among teammates learn	We can discuss among our teammates and learn from them.
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Why do you find these activities most helpful	taught practical approach	Taught me the practical approach
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Why do you find these activities most helpful	handson	Handson
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Why do you find these activities most helpful	hands-on learning computational tools valuable	It's hands-on learning of computational tools which are very valuable for myself.
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Why do you find these activities most helpful	covers lot topics learn lot	It covers lot of topics through which we can learn alot
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Why do you find these activities most helpful	group activities find useful	These are group activities. So I find them very useful
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Why do you find these activities most helpful	interactive interesting	They are interactive and interesting to do
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Why do you find these activities most helpful	practically implement	To practically implement
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Why do you find these activities most helpful	thats way able understand something	Thats the only way through which we are able to understand something
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Why do you find these activities most helpful	easy learn ask doubts	Easy to learn and ask doubts.
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Why do you find these activities most helpful	helps us learn team work coordination	Helps us learn more about team work and coordination
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Why do you find these activities most helpful	helpful getting job	It is helpful in getting job
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Pre-dissertation Research	Why do you find these activities most helpful	helps set environment helps me the dissertation in the future	It helps me set up the environment that helps me in the dissertation in the future
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Pre-dissertation Research	Why do you find these activities most helpful	you get behind curve	If you don't, you get behind the curve.
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find least helpful to your learning	assignments	Assignments
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find least helpful to your learning	reading slides	Reading the slides
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find least helpful to your learning	exercises seem irrelevant class activities done	Some exercises seem irrelevant to what class activities done.
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find least helpful to your learning	applicable	Na
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find least helpful to your learning	none	None
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find least helpful to your learning	nothing	Nothing
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find least helpful to your learning	group project	Group Project
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find least helpful to your learning	none	None
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find least helpful to your learning	nothing	Nothing.
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Which course activities do you find least helpful to your learning	class activity projects	In class activity and projects
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Which course activities do you find least helpful to your learning	class assignments	In class Assignments
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Which course activities do you find least helpful to your learning	lecture	Lecture
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Which course activities do you find least helpful to your learning	teaching interactive	Teaching can be more interactive
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Which course activities do you find least helpful to your learning	none	None
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Which course activities do you find least helpful to your learning	applicable	Na
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Pre-dissertation Research	Which course activities do you find least helpful to your learning	setting hardware bananas i'm grateful good hardware work setting up us is tough	Setting up the hardware is bananas. I'm grateful that I have good hardware to work with, but setting up GPUs is - tough.
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities least helpful	none	None
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities least helpful	students barely discuss project	Some students barely discuss about the project
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities least helpful	none	None
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities least helpful	applicable	Na
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities least helpful	sometimes need go book solution	Sometimes need to go through book for solution.
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities least helpful	less information deciphered	Less information deciphered
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities least helpful	assignments given based lecture the current class	These assignments are given based on the lecture of the current class
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Why do you find these activities least helpful	applicable	Na
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Why do you find these activities least helpful	none	None
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Why do you find these activities least helpful	sometimes class gets boring	Sometimes the class gets boring
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Why do you find these activities least helpful	lectures low quality the impression the teacher prepare lectures well	The lectures are low quality. I have the impression that the teacher doesn't prepare lectures well.
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Why do you find these activities least helpful	does'nt indepth coverage	I does'nt have a indepth coverage
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Why do you find these activities least helpful	practical learning	Practical learning
2016	Fall 2016 Midterm	Pre-dissertation Research	Why do you find these activities least helpful	mind learning pretty sure next week another way it everything i've done will be deprecated simply there dozens sets of instructions also right way to do it but hey that's it works can't change it	I don't mind learning it, but I am pretty sure by next week there will be another way to do it and everything I've done will be deprecated, simply because there are dozens of sets of instructions that were once also the right way to do it. But hey, that's how it works. You can't change it.
2013	Spring 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	effective presentation	Effective Presentation
2013	Spring 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	instructor successfully makes ahr class bearable	Instructor successfully makes a 3hr class bearable
2013	Spring 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	seems know material well	Seems to know material very well
2013	Spring 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	liked presentations good idea chance learn outside the classroom liked the online exams needed little bit of studying glad got good the presentation and the exams	I liked doing the presentations, and it was a good idea, a chance to learn outside of the classroom. I liked the online exams only needed a little bit of studying. I am glad I got a good on the presentation and the exams.
2013	Spring 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	agreeable workload easygoing professor questions welcomed answered	Very agreeable workload, easygoing professor, questions welcomed and answered.
2013	Spring 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	demonstrates deep understanding material makes class interesting interactive	Demonstrates deep understanding of material. Makes class interesting and interactive.
2013	Spring 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	group protects online tests	Group protects, online tests
2013	Spring 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good information well taught	Good information, well taught
2013	Spring 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	easy course	Very easy course
2013	Spring 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	project homework	Hw and project
2013	Spring 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	patient	Patient
2013	Spring 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	none	None
2013	Spring 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	none	None
2013	Spring 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	lectures boring difficult learn anything the material the tests came directly from the book and from lecture tests were open book advantage to going to class and paying attention	The lectures were boring and difficult to learn anything from. The material on the tests came directly from the book and not from lecture. Tests were open book so there was no advantage to going to class and paying attention.
2013	Spring 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	less board writing little powerpoints	Less board writing, a little for Powerpoints.
2013	Spring 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	nothing easy class teacher	Nothing it's very easy class because of teacher
2013	Spring 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	course might easy	Course might be too easy
2013	Spring 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	professor needs monotone make class interesting	Professor needs to not me monotone, or make the class more interesting
2013	Spring 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	lots information maybe divide class sub class one of major topics	Lots of information maybe divide class into a sub class on one of the major topics
2013	Spring 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	enthusiasm teaching less monotone delivery	More enthusiasm when teaching. Less monotone delivery.
2013	Spring 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	good presenter accent bit difficult understand	Good presenter but accent is a bit difficult to understand.
2013	Spring 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	lecture periods added little the text off-text in-depth lectures welcome let the reading assignments cover the basics code examples scratch class to demonstrate algorithms engage students to collaborate more discussion and interaction needed	The lecture periods added little to the text. More off-text or in-depth lectures welcome. Let the reading assignments cover the basics. Code examples from scratch during class to demonstrate algorithms and engage students to collaborate. More discussion and interaction needed!
2013	Spring 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	sometimes homework assigned particular day the homework was useful	Sometimes the homework was not assigned on a particular day. The homework was useful.
2013	Spring 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	hardly focus networking	Hardly any focus on networking
2013	Spring 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	shows cares much students make efforts help succeed	Shows that she cares very much about students and make efforts to help them succeed.
2013	Spring 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	whiteboard little outdated	The whiteboard is a little outdated
2013	Spring 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	class easy very clear topics	Class is very easy, very clear topics
2013	Spring 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	nothing	Nothing
2013	Spring 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	good	Good
2013	Spring 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	would nice course provides coding programs	It would be nice if the course provides some coding/programs
2013	Spring 2013	Operating Syst and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	none	None
2014	Spring 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	teaches material clearly	Teaches material clearly
2014	Spring 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	materials well prepared	Your materials are well prepared.
2014	Spring 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	asks lots questions class help drive discussions week	She asks lots of questions in class to help drive discussions each week
2014	Spring 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	prepaired organized knowledgable	Prepaired, organized, knowledgable.
2014	Spring 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	extensive detail clear presentation style	Extensive detail, clear presentation style
2014	Spring 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	students see course taught this instructor coasting course work get	Most students see this course, taught by this instructor as a coasting course. Do the work and you will get an A.
2014	Spring 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	nice professor work matter circumstance	Very nice professor. She will work with you no matter the circumstance.
2014	Spring 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	provides slides notes explain difficult material	Provides slides and notes to explain difficult material.
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	course great wish would class it was offered online i'm interested in computer networking angelina tzacheva handles course setup very well the a's also very helpful needed assistance anything regarding the course	The course was great, I wish I would have had it in class, but it was offered online. I'm very interested in computer networking, Angelina Tzacheva handles this course setup very well. The TA's were also very helpful when you needed assistance with anything regarding the course. AWESOME CLASS!!!
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	learned great amount course homework allowed solidify comprehension the material	I learned a great amount during this course. The homework allowed me to solidify my comprehension of the material.
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	made read book even though it online class was helpful make sure learned the concepts	It made you read the book even though it was an online class. This was helpful to make sure we learned the concepts.
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	follows book well	Follows the book well.
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	text excellent	The text was excellent.
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	online course never met instructor	This is an online course. I never met the instructor
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	course strengths online no feedback teacher the assignments tests simply required look the book and copy the answers finally the project assignment had nothing to with the course and required advanced coding skills neither prerequisite taught the class	This course had no strengths, as it was online with no feedback from the teacher or TA, the assignments and tests simply required you to look through the book and copy the answers. Finally the project assignment had nothing to do with the course and required advanced coding skills that were neither a prerequisite nor taught in the class.
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	class structure enjoyable	The class structure was enjoyable.
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	class easy easy get	The class is easy and easy to get through.
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	cause student become actively involved the text to learn the appropriate material	Does cause the student to become actively involved with the text and to learn the appropriate material.
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	none	There are none
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	book teacher even know the instructor's name the top my head	The book was my teacher. I don't even know the instructor's name off the top of my head.
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	knowledge	Knowledge
2014	Spring 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	attendance greater percentage final grade	Attendance should be a greater percentage of the final grade.
2014	Spring 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	make lectures interesting possible	Make lectures more interesting, if that is possible.
2014	Spring 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	problem the work get teaches students nothing the actual subject material lot different ways this course taught and this instructor ensures is taught in way seem excited about this course the students learning about the subject material anything really it is very sad the book is terrible get rid of it it is waste of money and effort read of the information in the book is dated the questions in the book rarely connect with the actual chapter material anyway the book is the basis tests for student to well in this course you need to understand the actual material to do well in this course you really need to be able to do is read the book this is useless question the test is set to trick you without testing knowledge your reading comprehension skills the tests don't test you test you the book the homework questions for the material are waste of time and really reflected in the tests this wastes everyone's time the lecture is boring and value she essentially vomits information on the board guided powerpoint for students fact memory and regurgitation without context or true understanding	The problem with doing the work and you will get an A is in how this teaches students nothing about the actual subject material. There are a lot of different ways this course can be taught and this instructor ensures it is taught in a very BORING way. She doesn't seem excited about this course, the students learning about the subject material, or anything really. It is very sad. The book is terrible. Get rid of it. It is a waste of money and effort to read. Most of the information in the book is dated. The questions in the book rarely connect with the actual chapter material anyway. The book is the basis for tests. For a student to do well in this course, you don't need to understand the actual material. To do well in this course all you really need to be able to do is read the book. This is useless. Each question on the test is set up to trick you without testing your knowledge, only your reading comprehension skills. The tests don't test you, they test you against the book. The homework questions for the material are a waste of time and aren't really reflected in the tests. This wastes everyone's time. The lecture is boring and has no value as she essentially "vomits" information on the board "guided" by a powerpoint. For students its just fact memory and then regurgitation without context or true understanding.
2014	Spring 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	text somewhat antiquated also information read presented opportunity interact and engage material is somewhat lacking	Text somewhat antiquated; also, information is read and presented, but opportunity to interact with and engage the material is somewhat lacking
2014	Spring 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	group project due dates staggered maybe make due relatively earlier the semester groups get free ride till the end	The group project due dates are staggered, maybe make them all due relatively earlier in the semester so some groups don't get a free ride till the end
2014	Spring 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	seem really passionate care topics suspect you us presentations that you to instruct understand you that crazy about class if you don't care about taught you can't expect us to	You don't seem to really be very passionate/care at all about the topics. I suspect that you had us do presentations so that you wouldn't have to instruct yourself. I understand if you aren't that crazy about this class, but if you don't care about what is being taught, you can't expect us to.
2014	Spring 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	sometimes lectures little dry	Sometimes the lectures can be a little dry
2014	Spring 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	teaching style boring power point exact text the book written on the whiteboard in the end the tests even learned about whether you could figure what one little word in multiple choice the professor changed change the meaning the answer lot of answers were or or very cumbersome and annoying testing style	Teaching style is very boring. A power point on the exact text in the book and then written again on the whiteboard. In the end the tests weren't even about what you "learned" they were about whether you could figure out what one little word in each multiple choice the professor had changed to change the meaning of the answer. A lot of answers were 1 & 2 or 1 & 2 & 3 or 1 & 3 or 2 & 3.. very cumbersome and annoying testing style.
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	interaction students regarding coursework	More interaction with students regarding coursework
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	assign reading questions book assign programming project that's way the league of students level	Do more than just assign reading and questions from the book. Don't assign a programming project that's way out of the league of students at this level.
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	assign coding project	Don't assign a coding project
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	little communication students professor professor would respond e-mail requesting support homework projects	Very little communication with students from the professor. Professor would not respond to e-mail requesting support on homework and projects.
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	new text would one place start bought another book supplement to help much better written easier to understand giving power point presentations interaction explanation asinine needs to be better videos and or power points need to be accompanied sort of explanation reading and teaching is pay my education	A new text would be one place to start. I bought another book as a supplement to help. It was much better written and easier to understand. Giving PowerPoint presentations that have no interaction or explanation is just asinine. There needs to be better videos and more of them or the PowerPoints need to be accompanied with some sort of explanation. Reading and teaching myself on my own is NOT why I pay UNCC for my education.
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	book course need correlate appropriately the project course relevant to the material covered the course is appropriate to assigned due to the fact material required for the project is another edition the book the one required for the course	The book and course need to correlate appropriately the project for this course is not relevant to the material covered in the course nor is it appropriate to be assigned due to the fact that material required for the project is from another edition of the book other than the one required for the course itself.
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	e-mail response times slow really hard program thrown there help course material	E-mail response times are slow. There was a really hard program thrown in there after no help with how to do it or course material
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	emailed teacher get response weeks later disappointing the email was major programming assignment needed lot help the teacher finally emailed back it was late help that point	I emailed the teacher and didn't get a response until 3 weeks later. It was very disappointing because the email was about a major programming assignment that I needed a lot of help with. When the teacher finally emailed back, it was too late for help at that point.
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	class would greatly improved many things primarily this course be purely online course online format not conducive learning secondly the project the course should not be coding project scope as the one currently required the project comes from the third edition of the textbook uses source code from edition of the book that is incomplete this code and project since removed from the newer editions of the textbook finally this course's website needs to be updated from current form the current course website the appearance of several years old and multiple mentions of blackboard	This class would be greatly improved by many things. Primarily this course should not be a purely online course, as the online format is not conducive to learning. Secondly the project from the course should not be a coding project of such scope as the one currently required. The project comes from the Third edition of the textbook, and uses source code from that edition of the book that is incomplete. This code and project have since been removed from the newer editions of the textbook. Finally this course's website needs to be updated from it's current form. The current course website has the appearance of being several years old, and there are multiple mentions of Blackboard.
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	possibly links coursera course covers the material good lectures	Possibly links to the coursera course that covers the same material, very good lectures there
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	replying emails timely manner online course	Replying to emails in a timely manner being that it is an online course.
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	absolutely instruction provided course was effectively timed reading the textbook cover cover text material was advanced testing was shallow and consisted mostly of questions project requirements confusing and the major goal of the project was covered great depth in the course it felt like project was assigned for the sake of claiming midterm project was assigned got	There was absolutely no instruction provided for the course, and it was effectively a timed reading of the textbook from cover to cover. Text material was advanced, but testing was shallow and consisted mostly of "gotcha" questions. Project requirements were confusing, and the major goal of the project was not covered in great depth in the course. It felt like a project that was assigned for the sake of claiming a midterm project was assigned.
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	final project poorly explained the and professor offered assistance project needs reworked	The final project was poorly explained and the TA and professor offered no assistance. This project needs to be reworked.
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	would've liked coding projects	I would've liked more coding projects.
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	problem the course the project given the students the given project appeared bit related to the course seemed advanced the material that was taught	The only problem that I had with the course was the project given to the students. The given project appeared a bit related to the course but seemed very advanced from the material that was taught.
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	none perfect	None. Perfect.
2014	Spring 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	students expected pay attention to ask questions to groups group presentations however professor supposed to grading the presentations would fail to the often would boyfriend class sitting the back the class and playing pad and giggling paying attention at heard several things the students presenting on that were wrong the professor never caught called it	Students were expected to pay attention to and ask questions to groups doing group presentations. However, the professor who was supposed to be grading the presentations would fail to do the same. Often she would have her boyfriend in class, sitting at the back of the class and playing on an iPad with him and giggling, not paying attention at all. I heard several things that the students presenting on that were wrong but the professor never caught it or called it out.
2014	Spring 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	nice professor enjoyed class	Very nice professor, enjoyed the class
2014	Spring 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	book gets content for brevity please make assignments intelligent your gave straight pass fail questions put effort got an heck know for fact half the answers gave flat-out wrong and got assign more intelligent projects ones that in groups may more difficult for grade and suspect that's you assign but learned nothing you semister the book the lectures were dry grant that this topic drier week-old package of saltine crackers in the sahara but you could try to make it more appealing like more clever code examples something maybe program raspberry pis arduino it could be better	Book gets an A+ for content, but a D- for brevity. Please make your assignments more intelligent. Your TA gave a straight pass/fail on the questions, so I put in no effort and got an A. Heck! I know for a fact that half of the answers I gave were flat-out wrong and I got 100%. Assign more intelligent projects; ones that are NOT in groups. It may be more difficult for you to grade, and I suspect that's why you didn't assign any, but I learned nothing from you. this semister. IT was all the book, because the lectures were too dry. I grant that this topic is drier than a week-old package of saltine crackers in the Sahara, but if you could try SOMETHING to make it more appealing, (like more clever code examples or something? Maybe program Raspberry Pis? Arduino?) it could be better.
2014	Spring 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	professor appears genuinely care students open to questions point lecture	Professor appears to genuinely care for her students and is open to questions at any point of a lecture.
2014	Spring 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	fire instructor business teaching course this way methods disgrace higher education general slap in face to the students are forced to take this course implement arduino's and building operating system in students write linux kernel something remotely innovative challenges students and makes their time feel like valued this course is complete waste time in current form this instructor charlotte and the college of computing and informatics ashamed of this kind of shoddy work	Fire this instructor. She has no business teaching any course this way. Her methods are a disgrace to higher education in general and a slap in the face to the students who are forced to take this course. Implement arduino's and building an operating system in those. Or have students write their own Linux kernel. Something remotely innovative that challenges students and makes their time feel like it is valued. This course is a complete waste of time in its current form with this instructor. UNC Charlotte and the College of Computing and Informatics should be ashamed of this kind of shoddy work!
2014	Spring 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	would nice read directly papers	It would be nice if you wouldn't read directly from papers.
2014	Spring 2014	Operating Systems and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	exams test ability interpret questions actual material	Exams test ability to interpret questions but not the actual material.
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	keep great work computer science department fantastic course take	Keep up the great work Computer Science Department of UNCC!!! This is a Fantastic course to take!!
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	great providing answers helping the project	The TA was great providing answers and helping with the project.
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	projects might helpful tests accurately determine proficiency the subject	A few more projects might have been helpful. The tests did not accurately determine proficiency on the subject.
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	feel could gotten benefit course reading the text consulting solutions manual the exercises gained absolutely nothing from the instructor i'd hesitate call class	I feel that I could have gotten the same benefit from this course by reading the text myself, and consulting a solutions manual for the exercises. I gained absolutely nothing from the instructor, so I'd hesitate to call it a "class."
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	programming project instructions incredibly vague required significant programming knowledge provided prerequisite courses	Programming project instructions were incredibly vague and required more significant programming knowledge than provided in prerequisite courses.
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	fine introductory class	This is fine for an introductory class.
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	course website the teacher makes the claim responding emails within hours except weekends holidays however found the response time like several weeks is also mention that the teacher is available to meet students if need help however all of attempted communications there never discussion of setting meeting may have resolved things much quicker	On the course website the teacher makes the claim of responding to emails "within 24 hours (except for weekends, or holidays)" however I have found that the response time is more like several weeks, if at all. There is also a mention that the teacher is available to meet with students if they need help, however in all of my attempted communications there was never any discussion of setting up a meeting, which may have resolved things much quicker.
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	steady schedule course assignments days switched missed assignment	A steady schedule for course assignments. The days switched once and I missed an assignment because of it.
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	class important opinion taught on-line this is myth on-line class disasters professors see the class distraction instead real class work full-time need the on-line option want to learn the subject wanted to read book and expect to learn is would and save myself the pain of paying the class know this subject so wanted to be educated in the subject learn things sure read the book want someone to be able to explain the things tough time grasping had project that grade that through interaction with fellow classmates don't think one person truly understood we had to code something that was never really taught except high level conceptual level that is just fair	This class is too important in my opinion to be taught on-line. This is my 4th on-line class through UNCC and they all have been disasters. The professors see the class as a distraction instead of a real class. I work full-time so I need the on-line option, but I want to learn the subject. If I just wanted to read a book and expect myself to learn it, that is what I would do and save myself the pain of paying for the class. I don't know this subject so I wanted to be educated in the subject. Did I learn some things? Sure, I read the book. I want someone to be able to explain the things I had a tough time with grasping. We had a project that was 20% or our grade that through interaction with fellow classmates I don't think one person truly understood. We had to code something that was never really taught except on a high level conceptual level. That is just not fair.
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	little information given regarding assignments very lenient grading overall	Very little information given regarding assignments and very lenient grading overall.
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	assigning material previous edition book totally unacceptable use information from the text deem required the course	Assigning material from a previous edition of the book is totally unacceptable. Use information from the text you deem required for the course.
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	may beneficial future the teacher teaches	It may be beneficial in the future if the teacher teaches.
2014	Spring 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	nice professor	Nice professor
2015	Spring 2015	Operating Systems and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	none	None
2015	Spring 2015	Operating Systems and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	online convenient great text book	Online, convenient, great text book.
2015	Spring 2015	Operating Systems and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	gets grades back quickly	Gets grades back quickly
2015	Spring 2015	Operating Systems and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	convenient it is online	It is convenient because it is online.
2015	Spring 2015	Operating Systems and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	online course material fine mainly reading book answering questions every week	Online course. Material was fine. Mainly reading from the book and answering questions every week.
2015	Spring 2015	Operating Systems and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	online can't really say know anything instructor	It's online, so I can't really say that I know anything about the instructor.
2015	Spring 2015	Operating Systems and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	homework due consistently throughout semester was moved around result exams greatly helped remember assignments due	Homework was due consistently throughout the semester and was only moved around as a result of exams which greatly helped remember when assignments were due.
2015	Spring 2015	Operating Systems and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	great course took online deal professor	Great course, but I took it online, I didn't deal with the professor
2015	Spring 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	instructor best dull technical topic students already general understanding need the specifics and technical details class offers is hard make that engaging	Instructor is doing the best she can on a dull and technical topic, that most students already have a general understanding of, but need the specifics and technical details this class offers. It is hard to make that engaging.
2015	Spring 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	instructor friendly	The instructor is friendly.
2015	Spring 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	delegates job students really well	She delegates her job to students really well.
2015	Spring 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	many	Not many.
2015	Spring 2015	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	group work difficult online especially group members expect everyone meet person required online courses	Group work is difficult online, especially when some group members expect everyone to meet in person. This should not be required for online courses.
2015	Spring 2015	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	grading seems determine ever the the semester professor feel like grading little consistent	The grading seems to determine on who ever the TA is for the semester. I had this professor before. I feel like grading should be a little more consistent.
2015	Spring 2015	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	whole semester the homework assignments short answer questions bar single programming question unexpected feel rather unnecessary was programming course likewise the group project we did parts that felt were rather unnecessary as this was not programming course	Out of the whole semester, all the homework assignments we did were short answer questions, bar a single programming question. It was unexpected and I feel rather unnecessary, as this was not a programming course. Likewise, the group project that we did had parts that I felt were rather unnecessary, as this was not a programming course.
2015	Spring 2015	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	would liked something better reading textbook the course also powerpoint slides the pretty much just had the pictures the textbook felt the group project have worth homework project should worth the amount feedback homework not helpful extra credit opportunities and no reminders assignments	I would have liked something better than just reading the textbook for the course. She also had powerpoint slides, but the pretty much just had the pictures from the textbook. I felt that the group project should have been worth more. Homework and a project should not be worth the same amount. Feedback on homework was not helpful. No extra credit opportunities and no reminders about assignments.
2015	Spring 2015	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	better slides professor	Better slides from the professor.
2015	Spring 2015	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	instruction method teacher is actually the book the work is also the book	There is no instruction method. The teacher is actually the book and the work is also the book.
2015	Spring 2015	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	satisfactory learning	It was satisfactory for my learning
2015	Spring 2015	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	course straight forward ready practice problems test know what's expected you problem is there's assignments thend test there's no way practice material	Course is very straight forward. Ready, practice problems, test. You know what's expected of you. Only problem is that there's no assignments after the 2nd test so there's no way to practice material.
2015	Spring 2015	Operating Systems and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	professor guide the student the book the material heavy online course the professor was not active	The professor did not guide the student through the book, the material was too heavy for an online course. The professor was not active at all.
2015	Spring 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	class minutes per week one meeting online rest hybrid course drop the group project giving hour presentation slides basically teaching part the course better the professor may add without oral intensive course the structure of course the professor uses based class meetings everything except the group presentation is online	Class should be 75 minutes per week, one meeting, then online for the rest, so a hybrid course. Drop the group project, because we are giving a 1+ hour presentation with 30+ slides, and basically teaching part of the course (better than the professor I may add) without it being an Oral Intensive course. The structure of this course that the professor uses is not based on class meetings. Everything except the group presentation is online.
2015	Spring 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	less student teaching professor lecturing	Less student teaching, more professor lecturing.
2015	Spring 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	course laid like online class an attendance policy was reason attend class to marked present work tests done home with the exception one presentation	The course was laid out like an online class with an attendance policy. There was no reason to attend class other than to be marked present. All work and tests were done at home with the exception of one presentation.
2015	Spring 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	revamp course syllabus entirely course absolute waste time covered an extreme amount of information amount of depth we could retain the hour-long student presentations painful watch spending half of total class time listening to bunch of introverted students lecture material understand was anything productive voice extremely monotone and it is impossible to concentrate length of time god-forbid three hours	Revamp the course syllabus entirely. This course was an absolute waste of time; we covered an extreme amount of information, in no amount of depth that we could retain it. The hour-long student presentations were painful to watch, and spending half of our total class time listening to a bunch of introverted CS students lecture on material they do not understand was anything but productive. Her voice is extremely monotone and it is impossible to concentrate for any length of time, God-forbid three hours.
2015	Spring 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	course needs hands engagement allow one to understand specifics networking the book work could done online needs assignments hands on lab work to understand the protocols networking procedures	This course needs hands on engagement to allow one to understand the specifics of networking. All the book work could be done online, but it needs (for some assignments) hands on lab work to understand the protocols and networking procedures.
2015	Spring 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	feel presentations done the course unnecessary recording	I feel the presentations done through out the course are unnecessary and so is recording them.
2015	Spring 2015	Operating Systems and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	considering online course professor respond emails much quickly days	Considering this is an online course, the professor should respond to emails much more quickly that 3 days.
2015	Spring 2015	Operating Systems and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	none	None
2015	Spring 2015	Operating Systems and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	course pretty boring the interesting part the project dull	The course is pretty boring. The most interesting part was the project, but other than that it's dull.
2015	Spring 2015	Operating Systems and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	us took class sections time conflicts part fulltime work pay bills yet wants our assignments rather every other online class in existence allowing us to submit by midnight made assignments almost impossible to submit time fire	passive professors like her and sara scott are the reason students hate the cci department. when professor change things in a class without justification, contrary to the original syllabus without the class having any input on it and tells students to deal with it when she has literally sent us 5 emails the entire semester and does the absolute bare minimum for the class (i.e posting up materials at the beginning of the semester and saying 'here you go') is not effective instruction, not to mention awkward submission times for assignments. Most of us took this class because the other sections time conflicts with ITCS 3688, and have part/fulltime work to pay our bills, yet she wants our assignments in by 6:30 rather than every other online class in existence allowing us to submit by midnight made it where some assignments were almost impossible to submit on time. fire her
2015	Spring 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	course two different focuses is course hard get fill get made this course terrible please add sections	This is a course for two different CS focuses; why is the course so hard to get into? They fill up before you can get in. After you've made this course not terrible, please add more sections.
2016	Spring 2016	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	well prepared organized good know going to happening class preparations be made	Well prepared and organized. Good to know what is going to be happening before the class so preparations can be made.
2016	Spring 2016	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good understanding topics examples	Has good understanding of the topics with examples
2016	Spring 2016	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	clearly invested course subject matter	Clearly is very invested in the course and subject matter
2016	Spring 2016	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	great attitude always prepared	Great attitude, always prepared
2016	Spring 2016	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good use technology provides good examples past course work grades quickly	Good use of technology, provides good examples from past course work, TA grades quickly
2016	Spring 2016	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	ability make students understand every steps present topic	Ability to make Students understand each and every steps present in a topic
2016	Spring 2016	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	nice professor good course work	Nice professor and good course work
2016	Spring 2016	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	course depth	Course Depth
2016	Spring 2016	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	course structure perfectly modeled is interesting	The course structure is perfectly modeled and is very interesting
2016	Spring 2016	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	materials class presentation assginments	Materials, Class Presentation, Assginments
2016	Spring 2016	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	better suited online class rather hour night class	Better suited for an online class, rather than a 3 hour night class
2016	Spring 2016	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	course pretty good way taught improvement needed	This course is pretty good in the way its taught, no improvement needed.
2016	Spring 2016	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	class activities instead long lectures	More in class activities instead of long lectures
2016	Spring 2016	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	enthusiasm talking topic help the student feel engaged	There should me more enthusiasm when talking about any of the topic if not it doesn't help the student feel engaged
2016	Spring 2016	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	allow chatter students disrupt the ones trying to pay attention	Don't allow the chatter of other students to disrupt the ones trying to pay attention.
2016	Spring 2016	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	teaching bit faster	Teaching can be bit faster
2016	Spring 2016	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	exercises end the class given text book may adopt different way of teaching none of the concepts clear the groups be small members of the group work participate in-class assignments projects easily get answers from or people actually the work unfair who work others get easy grades even work at the least peer evaluation should be provided to analyse the contribution of team members	1. Exercises at the end of the class shouldn't be given from text book. 2. May adopt different way of teaching, none of the concepts were clear. 3. The groups should be small. Most members of the group don't work or participate in any in-class assignments and projects. They easily get answers from 2 or 3 people who actually do the work. This is unfair to those who work as others get easy grades even by doing no work. 4. At the least, peer evaluation should be provided to analyse the contribution of team members.
2016	Spring 2016	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	course related industry should properly explain final projects she gave	This course should be more related to industry.She should properly explain the final projects which she gave.
2016	Spring 2016	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	professor never come time try get real world examples	- Professor never come on time - Try to get more real world examples.
2016	Spring 2016	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	assignments	More Assignments
2016	Spring 2016	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	personable approachable	Very personable and approachable
2016	Spring 2016	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	would preferred have taken class online	Would have preferred to have taken this class online
2016	Spring 2016	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	expectation learn lot course could see practical relevance this course	My expectation was to learn a lot in this course . But I could not see any practical relevance of this course .
2016	Spring 2016	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	teach code	Teach how to code
2016	Spring 2016	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	project given us reference material internet the project didn't help us learn anything projects devised to test understanding concepts evaluate our strengths	The project given to us didn't have any reference material on internet. As such, the project didn't help us learn anything. Projects should be devised to test our understanding of concepts & evaluate our strengths.
2017	Spring 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	think class well-structured well organized the instructor	I think the class was well-structured and very well organized by the instructor.
2017	Spring 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	instructor know teach	Instructor did not know how to teach
2017	Spring 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	lots resources	Lots of resources
2017	Spring 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good teaching method	Good teaching method
2017	Spring 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	professor clearly strong knowledge the subjects teaching	The professor clearly has very strong knowledge of the subjects she is teaching.
2017	Spring 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	makes class fun interesting	Makes class fun and interesting
2017	Spring 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	powerpoints the information	The powerpoints have all the information
2017	Spring 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	wonderful instructor loved structure the course	She is a wonderful instructor and I loved the structure of the course.
2017	Spring 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	well prepared instructor	Well prepared instructor
2017	Spring 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	topics covered highly relevant sought the job market the texts required are informative and extra engagement students provide sought after skills by employers hands-on work and presentations are also plus	The topics covered are highly relevant and sought after in the job market. The texts required are very informative and with extra engagement by students, they can provide sought after skills by employers. Hands-on work and presentations are also a plus.
2017	Spring 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	class confusing was never clear instruction given class assignments asked for help the a's could help the time	The class was very confusing. There was never any clear instruction given for in class assignments and when I asked for help the TA's could not help me most of the time.
2017	Spring 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	learned little bit cloud really liked interactive learning classrooms	I learned a little bit about cloud. Really liked the interactive learning classrooms.
2017	Spring 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	group project presentations good way teach	Group project/presentations is good way to teach.
2017	Spring 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	covers good number cloud computing software	Covers a good number of cloud computing software.
2017	Spring 2017	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	depth interesting good assignments challenges	In depth, interesting, good assignments, challenges
2017	Spring 2017	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	effective way teaching subject	Effective way of teaching the subject
2017	Spring 2017	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good course understanding data pre processing	Good course for understanding of data pre processing
2017	Spring 2017	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	videos the professor recorded posted us thorough and very good job explaining the materials made easy learn the material	The videos that the professor recorded and posted for us are very thorough and do a very good job of explaining the materials. She made it easy to learn the material.
2017	Spring 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	present material interactive fun manner	Present the material in a more interactive and fun manner.
2017	Spring 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	class long tedious very little breaks and almost the time is used every class the topics also especially fun the class feel bit boring without strong incentive keep coming	The class is very long and tedious with very little breaks and almost all of the time is used every class. The topics are also not especially fun so the class can feel a bit boring without a strong incentive to keep coming.
2017	Spring 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	anything think	Not anything i can think of
2017	Spring 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	hard understand	Hard to understand
2017	Spring 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	improve presentations teaching teacher	Improve presentations/teaching/teacher
2017	Spring 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	think since topic vast depth study topics would beneficial students even makes the course more difficult	I think since the topic is so vast, a more in depth study of topics would be beneficial to students, even if it makes the course more difficult.
2017	Spring 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	courses adapted graduate level courses material better suited undergraduate level students assignments materials provided test questions are written graduate level are test for the amount material covered material needs broken smaller learning units and test created for units student cannot recover from bad test score two test for the entire semester	Courses that are being adapted from graduate level courses should have material better suited for undergraduate level students. Some assignments, materials provided, and test questions are written at the graduate level There are too few test for the amount of material covered. Material needs to be broken down into smaller learning units and test created for those units. A student cannot recover from a bad test score with only two test for the entire semester.
2017	Spring 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	presentation style redundant instructor seems drone forever	Presentation style is too redundant. Instructor seems to drone on forever.
2017	Spring 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	class terrible found content interesting the assignments ridiculously difficult every single assignment was titles the grad version this class the spark mlib program even said which is doctoral cloud get teaches the grad class but the undergrad needs made lot easier to make easy class but the assignments to least be understandable we never single clue we were also group members contribute be penalized	This class was terrible. I found the content very interesting but the assignments were ridiculously difficult. Every single assignment we had was titles with 6190 which is the grad version of this class. The spark mlib program even said 8190 which is doctoral cloud. I get that she teaches the grad class but the undergrad needs to be made a lot easier. Not to make it an easy class but for the assignments to at least be understandable. We never has a single clue what we were doing. Also group members who didn't contribute shouldn't be penalized.
2017	Spring 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	many group assignments people per group would actually work there were people per group rest would nothing but still get good grades the ones working hard spent hours on fair	There were many group assignments but only 2 or 3 people per group would actually work on them, and there were 7 people per group. The rest would do nothing but still get good grades that the ones working hard spent hours on. Not fair at all.
2017	Spring 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	believe hands-on work the important part class learned lot conceptually tried get the apache hadoop write programs fully understand also ran into the similar barriers when came to spark programs scala was unfamiliar syntax and practices but for credit hour course lot to ask for i'd suggest way to familiarize new concepts for clear understanding of the field applications otherwise it was fantastic course and would recommend	I believe the hands-on work was the most important part of this class for me. I learned a lot conceptually but when I tried to get into the apache Hadoop API and write my own programs I didn't fully understand. Also ran into the similar barriers when it came to Spark programs in scala. I was unfamiliar with syntax and practices but for a 3 credit hour course, that is a lot to ask for. I'd suggest a way to familiarize these new concepts for a more clear understanding of the field applications. Otherwise, it was a fantastic course and would recommend.
2017	Spring 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	topics courses pretty complex in opinion are many different topics are covered in this course	The topics in this courses are pretty complex and in my opinion there are too many different topics that are covered in this course
2017	Spring 2017	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	think group projects make much sense online class would much better group activities done personal experience it difficult trying meet my group members one even live charlotte one wanted to video calls put lot of effort trying to communicate with everyone the first project and it work don't see group members and you don't know of them it makes it very difficult to do assignments with them	I don't think group projects make much sense for an online class. It would have been much better if the group activities were done on our own. From my personal experience, it was very difficult trying to meet with my other group members. One of them doesn't even live in Charlotte, and no one wanted to do video calls. I put a lot of effort into trying to communicate with everyone before the first project, and it didn't work out at all. When you don't see your group members, and you don't know any of them, it makes it very difficult to do assignments with them.
2017	Spring 2017	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	could interactive	Could be more interactive
2017	Spring 2017	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	offline would much better online	Offline would be much better than online
2017	Spring 2017	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	practical examples needed	More practical examples are needed
2017	Spring 2017	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	videos comprehensive recorded class sometimes not audible	The videos are not comprehensive. Its recorded in class and is sometimes not audible.
2017	Spring 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	instructor cooperative very well-versed subject	Instructor is very cooperative and very well-versed in the subject.
2017	Spring 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	little attention group project presentations	Very little attention when doing group project presentations
2017	Spring 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	presentations amazing	Presentations were amazing
2017	Spring 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	think group projects performed the beginning class instead of the end	I think the group projects should be performed in the beginning of class instead of the end.
2017	Spring 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	online tests abusable	Online tests are abusable
2017	Spring 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	would cover fewer topics little depth	I would cover fewer topics with a little more depth
2017	Spring 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	class needs ditch group assignments actually give students time to work assignments class get help	Class needs to ditch the group assignments and actually give students time to work on assignments in class so they can get help.
2017	Spring 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	arun complete asshole know fix our errors he told us we'd fine submitted code he fix the case we got lot get give us break	Our TA Arun was a complete asshole. He didn't know how to fix our errors and he told us we'd be fine if we submitted the code he couldn't fix. This wasn't the case as we got a 1 out of 2 a lot. I get it's not 6190 but give us a break.
2017	Spring 2017	Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	dr tzacheva knowledgeable subject material presented keep the good work	Dr. Tzacheva is very knowledgeable in the subject material presented! Keep up the good work!
2017	Spring 2017	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	course individual assignments group assignments the difficult group assignment adequate group size of	The course should have individual assignments than group assignments. The difficult of group assignment is not adequate for a group size of 6.
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	class activity	In class activity
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	class activities	In class activities
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	problem solving	Problem Solving
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	classroom teaching videos	Classroom Teaching/ Videos
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	class lectures	Class lectures
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	inclass assignments	Inclass assignments
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	data mining techniques	Data Mining techniques
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	solving problems exercises helped lot understand the course the teaching methods have helped me understand the problems and solve	Solving the problems and exercises have helped me a lot to understand the course. The teaching methods have helped me understand the problems and solve them.
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	yes	Yes
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	assignments	Assignments
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	inclass assignments	Inclass assignments
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	class assignments	Class Assignments.
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	class assignments homeworks	In class assignments and homeworks
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	course content	Course content
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	assignments projects	Assignments and projects
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	tree exercise	FP Tree exercise
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	class activities useful learning	The in class activities is useful for learning.
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	class exercises	Class exercises
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	hadoop	Hadoop
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	classwork homeworks	Classwork and homeworks
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	class assignments	In class assignments
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	assignments	Assignments
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	class assignments	In class assignments
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Individual Study	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	weekly tasks programming tasks	Weekly tasks, programming tasks
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Individual Study	Which course activities do you find most helpful to your learning	individual study	Individual Study.
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities most helpful	put use learnt can immediately clear doubts	I can put to use what I have learnt & can immediately clear all doubts
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities most helpful	application oriented	Application Oriented
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities most helpful	class activities make us apply concepts learn immediately assignments	These class activities make us to apply concepts learn immediately into the assignments.
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities most helpful	providing knowledge	Providing more knowledge
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities most helpful	clears concept taught tin class	Clears the concept taught tin class
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities most helpful	class assignments coves topics taught in the class in brief pattern hepls in better understanding topic	In class assignments coves the topics taught in the class in a brief pattern and hepls in better understanding of topic.
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities most helpful	individual involvement	More individual involvement
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities most helpful	innovative	Very innovative
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities most helpful	integrated concepts taught the class	These are integrated with the concepts taught in the class.
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities most helpful	helps understand concept	It helps to understand the concept.
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities most helpful	practical learning	Practical learning
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities most helpful	nope	Nope
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities most helpful	helped understand real time data bases require get the desired output	They have helped me understand what the real time data bases require and how to get the desired output of it.
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities most helpful	used real world	They will be used in real world
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities most helpful	practice learn	Because I practice while I learn.
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities most helpful	easy understand revive	Easy to Understand and Revive
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities most helpful	show practical implementation algorithms	They show a practical implementation of Algorithms
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities most helpful	hands experience	Hands on experience
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Individual Study	Why do you find these activities most helpful	get experience research can improve skills in my interested field	I can get some experience in research and I can improve my skills in my interested field
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Individual Study	Why do you find these activities most helpful	weekly tasks assigned makes focus the course work throughout the semester programming tasks enhances knowledge skills	The weekly tasks assigned makes me focus on the course work throughout the semester. Programming tasks enhances my knowledge and skills.
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find least helpful to your learning	nothing	Nothing
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find least helpful to your learning	none	None
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find least helpful to your learning	assignments	Assignments
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find least helpful to your learning	none	None.
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find least helpful to your learning	nothing	Nothing as such
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find least helpful to your learning	manually solving problems	Manually solving all problems
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find least helpful to your learning	find anything least important	I didn't find anything least important.
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find least helpful to your learning	many class exercises	Too many in class exercises
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find least helpful to your learning	applicable	Na
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Which course activities do you find least helpful to your learning	tutoring	Tutoring
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Individual Study	Which course activities do you find least helpful to your learning	nothing	Nothing
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities least helpful	slow	Very slow
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities least helpful	applicable	Na
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities least helpful	find anything least important	I didn't find anything least important.
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities least helpful	coding assignments python problems	We can have coding assignments in R/Python for those problems
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities least helpful	practical learning	Practical learning
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities least helpful	interactive learning	No interactive learning
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Why do you find these activities least helpful	nothing	Nothing
2016	Spring 2016 Midterm	Individual Study	Why do you find these activities least helpful	comments	No comments
2014	First Summer 2014	Operating Syst and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	text referencing windows vista something look forward to the textbooks needs to updated to be less obsolete	it was an online course that is severely out of date. The text is referencing Windows Vista as something to look forward to. The textbooks needs to be updated to be less obsolete.
2014	First Summer 2014	Operating Syst and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	class well paced	The class was very well paced.
2014	First Summer 2014	Operating Syst and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	really can't say much instructor communication fairly limited would expected sort welcome email since was online class the emails got reminders tests check for group members think the course overall was pretty weak content necessarily but in structure the course was literally reading textbook and nothing else slides were provided online but were from the book's author and helpful	I really can't say much about the instructor; communication was fairly limited. I would have expected some sort of welcome email since this was an online class, but the only emails we got were reminders for tests and to check for our group members. I think the course overall was pretty weak, not in content necessarily, but in structure. The course was literally reading from a textbook and nothing else. Slides were provided online, but those were from the book's author and weren't very helpful.
2014	First Summer 2014	Operating Syst and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	online course relies textbook for everything think that well job making read book you read the book you fail	For an online course that only relies on a textbook for everything I think that it does a well job of making you read the book. If you don't read the book you fail.
2014	First Summer 2014	Operating Syst and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	definately learned lot textbook top notch	Definately learned a lot. The textbook was top notch.
2014	First Summer 2014	Operating Syst and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	straight forward organized way get track unless careless check moodle	-Straight forward , organized no way to get off track unless your careless and don't check moodle.
2014	First Summer 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	text book thorough	The text book was very thorough.
2014	First Summer 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	although questions answered neutral due the on-line course most of the interaction done the sridharan ramachandran returned homework grade explanation promptly submitted question homework questions and response was prompt and informative great	Although most of the questions were answered as Neutral due to the on-line course. Most of the interaction was done through the TA Sridharan Ramachandran. He returned each homework grade and explanation promptly. I submitted a question on a few homework questions and his response was very prompt and informative. Great TA
2014	First Summer 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	replied emails immediately to wait long reply	She replied to all emails immediately. Did not have to wait too long for a reply.
2014	First Summer 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	group project related course great use assignment	Group project was related to course, and a great use for an assignment
2014	First Summer 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	received feedback quickly instructor teaching assistants always available via email questions	I received feedback very quickly. The instructor and teaching assistants were always available via email if I had any questions.
2014	First Summer 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	online go to lecture entire semester material honestly don't see full semester lectures could spiced much so find that taking this class reading the material along the exercises given great advantage	It's online, so you don't have to go to the lecture for an entire semester on this material. Honestly I don't see how a full semester of lectures could be spiced up that much, so I find that taking this class and reading the material along with the exercises given is a great advantage.
2014	First Summer 2014	Operating Syst and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	hello email saying contact we issues o_o	A hello email saying who we can contact if we have any issues O_o
2014	First Summer 2014	Operating Syst and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	group project make sense make group project online class	No group project. It does not make sense to make a group project in an online class.
2014	First Summer 2014	Operating Syst and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	upgrade next edition to include relevant information	Upgrade to the next edition to include more relevant information.
2014	First Summer 2014	Operating Syst and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	think class weekly online quizzes based questions the end on chapter instead the questions could learn	I think that if this class had weekly online quizzes (based on the questions at the end) on each chapter instead of the questions we could learn more.
2014	First Summer 2014	Operating Syst and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	would like see effort put design the course the instructor little interaction fine to extent students the class really seemed like planning went into it the moodle course page was extremely basic assignments were the lectures were reading straight the book it seem like the instructor really cared about the course like it was thrown together in no more five minutes	I would have like to see more effort put into the design of the course by the instructor. We had little interaction, which was fine to some extent, but there were only about 30 students in the class. It really seemed like no planning went into it; the Moodle course page was extremely basic, assignments were the "lectures" and those were reading straight from the book. It just didn't seem like the instructor really cared about the course, like it was thrown together in no more than five minutes.
2014	First Summer 2014	Operating Syst and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	returning grade less required provide comment the textbook bad there's new edition that may be better the figures provided hard to grasp the questions the end of the chapter are often able to be answered solely the information the book the lectures provided mostly slideshow of the figures from the book not helpful the alternate slides appear to be the result of past student work and sometimes contain errors the project assignment was very light details and was assigned days later than the syllabus indicated it would be the due date was not adjusted	When returning a grade of less than 100, it should be required that the TA provide some comment as to why. The textbook is very bad. There's a new edition that may be better, but the figures provided are hard to grasp and the questions at the end of the chapter are often not able to be answered solely from the information in the book. The "lectures" provided were mostly just a slideshow of the figures from the book. This was not helpful. The "alternate slides" appear to be the result of past student work, and these sometimes contain errors. The project assignment was very light on details and was assigned 3 days later than the syllabus indicated it would be, while the due date was not adjusted.
2014	First Summer 2014	Operating Syst and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	update textbook reading taking multiple choice test cannot the best way handle online course the group project better since interacted peers still half idea was going	Update the textbook. Reading and taking multiple choice test cannot be the best way to handle an online course. The group project was better since I interacted with my peers but still half of them had no idea what was going on.
2014	First Summer 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	sometimes takes little longer hours response e-mail an instructor opinion try available whenever an exam going give set time be available in case questions wording anything comes sometimes wording be tricky it fair that's life presume	Sometimes it takes a little longer than 24 hours for a response from an e-mail. An instructor(in my opinion) should try to be available whenever an exam is going on(give a set time when they will be available) in case any questions about wording or anything comes up. Sometimes the wording can be tricky and it isn't fair, but that's life I presume.
2014	First Summer 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	project fit the class the prerequisite course the requirements for the project level the instructions the project were also vague	To me, the project did not fit with the class. The only prerequisite for this course is ITCS 1213. The requirements for the project were WAY above that level. The instructions on the project were also vague.
2014	First Summer 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	lectures powerpoints occasional video material taken right of the book lectures powerpoints need original with more better diagrams and animations videos	Lectures are Powerpoints with an occasional video and all of the material is taken right out of the book. Lectures/Powerpoints need to be more original with more/better diagrams and/or animations/videos.
2014	First Summer 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	professor available answer questions since online class the professor should answer emails promptly	The professor should be available to answer questions, since this is an online class. The professor should answer emails promptly.
2014	First Summer 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	would subject beginning the course that the project announced the credential that everyone time work together the five week course especially since many of us have multiple courses taking well as working	I would only subject that at the beginning of the course that the project be announced with the credential so that everyone can have more time to work together during the five week course. Especially since many of us have multiple courses we were taking as well as working.
2014	First Summer 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	course online the instructor needs available to answer emails would take days to get reply even got one	The course was online. The instructor needs to be more available to answer emails. It would take 3-4 days to get a reply if I even got one at all.
2014	First Summer 2014	Operating Syst and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	please stop group projects group projects result uneven participation useful consider smaller individual project multiple smaller individual projects	Please stop with the group projects. Group projects result in uneven participation and are not at all useful. Consider a smaller individual project, or multiple smaller individual projects.
2014	First Summer 2014	Operating Syst and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	project hard the time constraint suggest instead of project that students need to write assignment explaining particular topic that the instructor lets us do	The project was very hard to do because of the time constraint. I suggest that instead of a project that students need to write an assignment explaining a particular topic that the instructor lets us do.
2014	First Summer 2014	Operating Syst and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	hard group project strictly online	Hard to do a group project strictly online
2014	First Summer 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	online class requires handing syllabus powerpoint take look classes harvard and stanford done	Having an online class requires more than handing out a syllabus and a powerpoint. Take a look at how some of the EDX classes from MIT, Harvard and Stanford are done.
2014	First Summer 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	vast majority questions posed apply course this online course is lecture session as please treat neutral responses as do not apply to this course	The vast majority of questions posed do not apply to this course. As this is an online course, there is no lecture session. As such, please treat all 'neutral' responses as 'do not apply to this course'.
2014	First Summer 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	class informative group worked project fantastic the project was announced pulled together and successfully completed the project on time and learned much great course	Class was very informative and the group that I worked with on our project were fantastic. Once the project was announced we all pulled together and successfully completed the project on time and learned so much from each other. Great course.
2014	First Summer 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	since online class would helpful professor posted video lectures reinforce the readings this class felt like it self-taught since all was read material the book answer questions the project was assigned did appear to correspond to the material that we read the book it would be helpful if the programming concepts assigned in the project actually taught in the class	Since this is an online class, it would be helpful if the professor posted some video lectures to reinforce all of the readings. This class felt like it was self-taught since all we did was read material from the book and answer questions. The project that was assigned did not appear to correspond to the material that we read in the book. It would be helpful if the programming concepts assigned in the project were actually taught in the class.
2014	First Summer 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	think group project great everyone group worked equally enjoyed	I think the group project was great. Everyone in my group worked equally and for once I enjoyed it.
2014	First Summer 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	online course communication was e-mail understand online course powerpoints good useful tool sense that mostly is the lecture the powerpoints need to really good	This was an online course. So the only communication was through E-mail. I understand that with it being online course Powerpoints are a good and useful tool, but sense that is mostly all there is to the lecture the Powerpoints need to be really good.
2014	First Summer 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	rated neutral class online class meet classroom felt the questions were irrelevant	Most were rated neutral, but because this class was on online class, we did not meet in the classroom, so I felt some of the questions were irrelevant
2014	First Summer 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	online class was expecting video lectures professor instead was told read the book answer questions feel like was effective i'm sure not remember much of the material this course since was so much reading	This was an online class so I was expecting video lectures from the professor. Instead I was just told to read out of the book and answer questions. I do not feel like that was effective. I'm sure I will not remember much of the material after this course is over since there was so much reading.
2014	First Summer 2014	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	lot reading of reading	It's a lot of reading, A LOT of reading.
2015	First Summer 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	quick respond to questions informative	Quick to respond to all questions. Very informative.
2015	First Summer 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	text course great keeping shelf enjoyed the deeper dive topics already familiarity	The text for this course is great, I will be keeping it on my shelf. I enjoyed the deeper dive into topics I already had some familiarity with.
2015	First Summer 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	class online really get know professor still really great she would always answer we emailed with questions	This class was online so we didn't really get to know the professor, but she is still really great because she would always be there with an answer when we emailed her with questions.
2015	First Summer 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	class online correspond much the professor things layed clear way made it very easy to flow with the class	The class was online, so we did not correspond very much with the professor. Things were layed out in a clear way, and it made it very easy to to flow with the class.
2015	First Summer 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	fantastic instructor helped asked laid schedule well	Fantastic instructor, helped when asked and laid out he schedule very well.
2015	First Summer 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	tube videos text speech were hard to understand without playbacks	Some of the YouTube videos were text to speech and were hard to understand without a few playbacks.
2015	First Summer 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	group project effective trying treat class like class is not good enough approach group project would better the scale would be lowered made individual project people take online classes schedules not conducive to coming to campus because strange availabilities and trying to work group not take students into account	There is a group project, which was not very effective. Trying to treat this class like any other class is not a good enough approach. The group project would be better if the scale would be lowered and made into an individual project. People take online classes because their schedules are not conducive to coming to campus, or because they have strange availabilities, and trying to work with a group does not take these students into account.
2015	First Summer 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	think really needs improvements	I don't think it really needs improvements.
2015	First Summer 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	kind wish would taken course person normal semester	I kind of wish I would have taken this course in person during a normal semester.
2015	First Summer 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	fair instructor	Fair instructor.
2015	First Summer 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	enjoyed course complaints exams tough provide necessary studying time	Enjoyed the course, no complaints. Exams are tough and provide necessary studying time.
2015	First Summer 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	class kind lectures even lectures just reading the textbook pretty much back every day there were additional videos was good idea really prove to useful overall seemed like the class was just something the professor planned the first semester taught it it was automatically copied moodle following semester	The class was just kind of there; lectures were not even lectures, just reading the textbook pretty much from to back every day. There were some additional videos, which was a good idea, but they didn't really prove to be too useful. Overall, it seemed like the class was just something the professor had planned out the first semester she taught it, and then it was automatically copied over in Moodle for each following semester.
2015	First Summer 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	none	None
2016	First Summer 2016	Operating Syst and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	video cases extremely beneficial like fall line the topics	The Video Cases are extremely beneficial and I like how they fall in line with the topics.
2016	First Summer 2016	Operating Syst and Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good useful book youtube videos instructive	Good and useful book. Youtube videos were instructive.
2016	First Summer 2016	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	book makes the subject matter easy understand class works well knowledge gained	The book makes the subject matter easy to understand. This class works well with knowledge gained from ITIS 2110 and ITIS 3110.
2016	First Summer 2016	Operating Syst and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	please improve canvas functionality linking student profiles school email letting canvas email response made discussion forum and allow discussion forums to subscribed to default the professor sees fit	Please improve canvas functionality such as linking the student profiles to their school email and letting canvas email you when a response is made in a discussion forum and allow discussion forums to be subscribed to -by default- where the professor/TA sees fit.
2016	First Summer 2016	Operating Syst and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	lectures used tests watched every lecture the first part the semester took the first test find none of the questions were covered clearly the lectures based on the book not given enough time to read the sections required either basically to spend hours day reading in order to even keep tests have trick questions the wording almost identical to the book one word is changed tests hard to study for is not enough time to read everything and lectures are useless study guides the group project was worthless on top of not taught coding the subject matter was on chapter cover the day the project was due we to read ahead and stumble programming programming felt of place in class where no programming was taught	Lectures were not used on the tests. I watched every lecture for the first part of the semester and took the first test to find that none of the questions were covered clearly in the lectures. It was all based on the book. Not given enough time to read the sections required either. Basically have to spend 7 hours a day reading in order to even keep up. Tests have trick questions where the wording is almost identical to the book but one word is changed. Tests are hard to study for because there is not enough time to read everything and lectures are useless. No study guides. The group project was worthless. On top of not being taught any coding, the subject matter was on a chapter we didn't cover until the day the project was due so we had to read ahead and stumble through programming Programming felt out of place in a class where no programming was taught.
2016	First Summer 2016	Operating Syst and Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	conceptionally online group project give students necessary skills work geodiverse team fails miserably it penalizes the good students increasing workload helps the bad students get free ride the good students really mechanism to prevent personally found great deal work to finish because of this and focused as learning the material also found the material to be lacking and the tests not designed to test knowledge to trick	While conceptionally, an online group project will give students the necessary skills to work with a geodiverse team, it fails miserably. It penalizes the good students by increasing his/her workload and helps the bad students because they get a free ride off of the good students. There really isn't a mechanism to prevent this. Personally, I found that I had a great deal more work to finish because of this and was not as focused as I should be on learning the other material. I also found the material to be lacking and the tests were not designed to test your knowledge but to trick you.
2016	First Summer 2016	Operating Syst and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	course online instructor was even needed point	Course was online - instructor was not even needed at this point.
2016	First Summer 2016	Operating Syst and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	consider overall redesign	Consider an overall redesign.
2016	First Summer 2016	Operating Syst and Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	best resource class the book the youtube videos videos topics covered the test and reduce the amount reading required well and this might have decent class one online class and was by far one of the best classes have had book examples and video cases the way learned this class and even were suitable for the level of difficulty of the test	The best resource for this class was the book and the youtube videos. Have more videos on topics covered by the test and reduce the amount of reading required to do well and this might have been a decent class. I had one online class before and it was by far one of the best classes I have had. Book examples and video cases were the only way I learned in this class and even those were not suitable for the level of difficulty of the test.
2017	First Summer 2017	Introduction to Data Mining	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	lectures recorded available online along example problems and learning resources always easy learn material time needed one professor tzacheva's classes professional and classes are conducive to learning in experience	Lectures are recorded and available online along with example problems and learning resources. It's always easy to learn material on your own time if needed in one of Professor Tzacheva's classes. She is very professional, and her classes are the most conducive to learning at UNCC in my experience.
2017	First Summer 2017	Introduction to Data Mining	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	midterm final review videos big helps wish the projects would overviews like	The Midterm and final review videos were big helps. I wish the projects would have had overviews like this.
2017	First Summer 2017	Introduction to Data Mining	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	power point presentations helpful excessive material included research learn information	PowerPoint presentations are helpful, excessive material included to research and learn the information
2017	First Summer 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	instructor provided lot supplemental information course extremely helpful given was online	The instructor provided a lot of supplemental information for this course which was extremely helpful given it was online.
2017	First Summer 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	professor prepared course power point videos well	Professor was prepared for the course, with PowerPoint(s) and videos as well.
2017	First Summer 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good balance work rest challenging work interesting topic organized instructor	Good balance of work/rest, challenging work, interesting topic, organized instructor.
2017	First Summer 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	fast gading fairness	Fast gading and fairness
2017	First Summer 2017	Introduction to Data Mining	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	value group assignments	More value on the Group Assignments
2017	First Summer 2017	Introduction to Data Mining	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	think fair was undergraduate class that was presented graduate level main project title even changed the assignemt still read plus it was difficult the original graduate project since that one did not include make video the project was incredibly confusing due to program instructions and the informtion could not found google search the book used was made in and still cost close to to rent in the book store understand using an older book to save money this not seem to be the case also the book years old and being rapidity devopling field book does not cover more recent topics that would be relavent in today's world the basic algorithms may be the but wish learned more is currently being used and real world examples	I did not think it was fair that this was an undergraduate class that was presented with a graduate level of main project(the title wasn't even changed on the assignemt and still read 6132) plus it was more difficult then the original graduate project since that one did not include a UI or to make video. The RSES project was incredibly confusing due to there being no program instructions and the informtion could not be found in a google search. The book used was made in 2005 and still cost close to $100 to rent in the book store. I understand using an older book to save money but this does not seem to be the case. Also the book is 12 years old and being such a rapidity devopling field a book does not cover more recent topics that would be relavent in today's world. The basic algorithms may be the same but I wish I learned more about what is currently being used and some real world examples.
2017	First Summer 2017	Introduction to Data Mining	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	group projects work especially difficult month long online class	Group projects/work are especially difficult in a 1 month long online class.
2017	First Summer 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	learn canvas setup online learning make more friendly ex add home page should online teaching learning trainings group project included coding unrelated to class material teachings	-Should learn more about Canvas setup for online learning to make it more friendly (ex. Add a home page) -Should do some online teaching&learning trainings -Group project included coding unrelated to class material teachings
2017	First Summer 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	clearer questions tests	Clearer questions on tests.
2017	First Summer 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	reteaching text book	Just reteaching from the text book.
2017	First Summer 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	criticism regarding group project class labelled distance educaiton class yet group project we needed meet together personally was half way across the country unable to participate the level to had wanted to methods communication online course made it extremely difficult to get this project finished	My only criticism is regarding the group project. This class was labelled as a distance educaiton class yet we had a group project where we needed to meet up together. I personally was half way across the country and unable to participate in the level to which i had wanted to. While there are other methods of communication, it being an online course made it extremely difficult to get this project finished.
2017	First Summer 2017	Introduction to Data Mining	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	please create true undergraduate level class projects tests graduate level please use text book written decade please modernize this corse this would awesome graduate level class in	Please create a true undergraduate level class where the projects and tests are not graduate level. Please use a text book that was written in this decade. Please modernize this corse. This would be an awesome graduate level class in 2006.
2017	First Summer 2017	Introduction to Data Mining	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	groups effective	Groups are effective
2017	First Summer 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	better communication instructor students well as involvement students instead main communication with the	Better communication between instructor and students, as well as more involvement with the students, instead of main communication being with the TA(s).
2017	First Summer 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	thank opportunity expand knowledge computer networks	Thank you for the opportunity to expand my knowledge of computer networks!
2014	Second Summer 2014	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good introductory course gives overview algorithms involved knowledge discovery	This is a good introductory course on KDD, it gives an overview of all the algorithms involved in knowledge discovery.
2014	Second Summer 2014	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	knowledge subject	Knowledge on the subject.
2014	Second Summer 2014	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good course content prepared subject	Good course content prepared for the subject.
2014	Second Summer 2014	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	quick replies questions complicate things	Very quick with replies to questions and does not complicate things.
2014	Second Summer 2014	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	part concentration database online course effective towards perspicuous knowledge the subject instructor devised the course to satisfy the need of student concentrating in database	It was a part of my concentration in database This online course had been effective towards the perspicuous knowledge about the subject Instructor has devised the course to to satisfy the need of student concentrating in database
2014	Second Summer 2014	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	examples related course topic explained well	Examples related to course topic explained very well.
2014	Second Summer 2014	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	way instructor planned the course the topics scheduled particular dates online impressive	The way instructor has planned the course with the topics scheduled for particular dates as it online is impressive.
2014	Second Summer 2014	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	interesting topics dealt course	Interesting topics dealt in the course
2014	Second Summer 2014	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good notes	Good Notes
2014	Second Summer 2014	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	none	None
2014	Second Summer 2014	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	could given good ppts rather asking refer text book	Could have given some good ppts rather than just asking to refer text book.
2014	Second Summer 2014	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	online course felt instruction clear student doubt	Its online course and felt the instruction should be more clear, so that student will not have doubt.
2014	Second Summer 2014	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	everything flawless	Everything is flawless
2014	Second Summer 2014	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	presentation slides contain information language should more simpler	Presentation slides should contain more information and language should be more simpler
2014	Second Summer 2014	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	course detailed the assignments good	The course is very detailed and the assignments were good.
2014	Second Summer 2014	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	comments	No other comments
2014	Second Summer 2014	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	none	None
2014	Second Summer 2014	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	comments	No comments
2014	Second Summer 2014	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	prepared lengthy exam paper possible finish within given time min frame single person hour	She prepared so lengthy exam paper that it was not possible to finish within the given time (3 hr 30 min) frame by single person.
2015	Second Summer 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	assignments clear understandable	Assignments were clear and understandable
2015	Second Summer 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	online limited interaction varied amount material would nice book reading videos mostly the book present varied look the topic	Being online, there is limited interaction, but a more varied amount of material would be nice. Book reading and some videos that were mostly the same as the book, did not present a varied look at the topic.
2015	Second Summer 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	customized interactive material	More customized and interactive material
2015	Second Summer 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	none	None
2015	Second Summer 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	online group project good idea summer course many people group task given for the project description the project not clear	Online group project was not a good idea for a summer course. Too many people in a group to do the task given for the project. Description of the project is not very clear.
2015	Second Summer 2015	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	textbook boring read author is dry makes hard to keep reading material	Textbook is boring to read. Author is very dry, which makes it hard to keep reading through the material
2017	Second Summer 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	would know instructor strengths online course not respond emails timely manner	Would not know what the instructor strengths are, it is an online course, and she does not respond to emails in a timely manner.
2017	Second Summer 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	course amazing since active learning	This course is amazing since its active learning
2017	Second Summer 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	instructor seemed good understanding coursework	Instructor seemed to have a good understanding of the coursework.
2017	Second Summer 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	lots information subject matter	Lots of information about the subject matter.
2017	Second Summer 2017	Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	instructor used video assignments helpful	Instructor used video assignments which was helpful
2017	Second Summer 2017	Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	sometimes taking summer course feel getting full extent the course would gotten the year course not like that feel confident received the quality of education students take this course during the year the professor great lecturer organized	Sometimes, when taking a summer course, I feel I am not getting the full extent of the course that I would have gotten during the year. This course was not like that. I feel confident I received the same quality of education as students who take this course during the year. The professor is a great lecturer and very organized.
2017	Second Summer 2017	Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	everything great except group project hassle the summer	Everything is great except the group project. its a hassle over the summer.
2017	Second Summer 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	lecture videos campus sessions good least use tripod reading whole chapters pages technical information not help retain the main concepts the course needs restructured	The lecture videos from on campus sessions are not good, at least use a tripod. Reading whole chapters that have 100+ pages of technical information does not help retain the main concepts. The course needs to be restructured.
2017	Second Summer 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	instead stylized summer course appears copy of the fall spring course date changes the idea of collaborative java coding project online course of the students substantive java experience where of the students even in charlotte seems bit much	Instead of being stylized for Summer, the course appears to just be a copy of the Fall/Spring course with date changes. The idea of a collaborative Java coding project in an online course where only a few of the students have any substantive Java experience, and where 2 of the students aren't even in Charlotte, seems a bit much.
2017	Second Summer 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	actually responding questions concerns students would start also assign group project online course especially not able going to respond to issues	Actually responding to questions/concerns that the students have would be a start. Also do not assign a group project in a online course, especially if you are not able/going to respond to issues.
2017	Second Summer 2017	Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	teacher usually take upwards five days respond to emails	The teacher will usually take upwards of five days to respond to emails.
2017	Second Summer 2017	Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	better communication students professor	Better communication between students and professor.
2017	Second Summer 2017	Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	none	None
2017	Second Summer 2017	Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	lecture videos awful	The lecture videos are awful
2017	Second Summer 2017	Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	textbook terrible	a lot less book. The textbook was terrible.
2017	Second Summer 2017	Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	enjoyed course offered	I enjoyed this course and what it offered!
2017	Second Summer 2017	Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	video assignments way less textbook assignments	More video assignments, way less textbook assignments.
2017	Second Summer 2017	Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	record new videos proper equipment bad	Record new videos with proper equipment, it was so bad.
2017	Second Summer 2017	Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	better communication students professor gone couple weeks without replying emails students	Better communication between students and professor. Has gone a couple of weeks without replying to emails from students.
2017	Second Summer 2017	Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	group experience stressful terrible frankly group projects seem fair especially online don't want graded work others	18% of our grade is tied to a group project, and being an online class this is not easy. My group experience was stressful and terrible frankly. Group projects don't seem fair, especially online, because I don't want to be graded on the work of others.
2013	Summer 2013	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	professor well prepared the class explains the concepts clearly	The Professor is well prepared for the class. She explains the concepts very clearly.
2013	Summer 2013	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	like problems solved class	I like problems that are solved in the class
2013	Summer 2013	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	updated course work interesting	Updated course work and very interesting.
2013	Summer 2013	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	concepts explanation	Concepts explanation
2013	Summer 2013	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	well prepared course syllabus she used ditinctly state the nuances the course	She was well prepared for the course syllabus. She used to ditinctly state the nuances of the course
2013	Summer 2013	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	instructor patient provides lot examples material is covered slides sufficiently need follow text books	Instructor is very patient, provides a lot of examples material is covered in slides sufficiently , no need to follow from text books
2013	Summer 2013	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	little support help programming algorithms would helpfull	A little more support and help for programming the algorithms would be very helpfull
2013	Summer 2013	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	feel improvement needed	I feel no improvement is needed
2013	Summer 2013	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	syllabus detail	The syllabus should be in more detail
2013	Summer 2013	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	nothing improved	Nothing to be improved
2013	Summer 2013	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	examination questions effective testing the knowledge would really great the subject taught in depth rather algorithms the knowledge discovery in databases is practical subject would be really good if real time examples are provided every step	1. The examination questions are not very effective in testing the knowledge. 2. It would be really great if the subject is taught in depth rather than as just a few algorithms 3. The Knowledge Discovery in Databases is a practical subject and would be really good if real time examples are provided at every step.
2013	Summer 2013	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	improvements	No improvements
2013	Summer 2013	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	please use powerpoint slides teaching writing everything board consumes lot time	Please use powerpoint slides for teaching. Writing everything on the board consumes lot of time.
2013	Summer 2013	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	explain relevant real world situations knowing algorithm help	Should explain more relevant to real world situations.Just knowing the algorithm does not help.
2013	Summer 2013	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	instructor good knowledge subject trying level best simplify the problems and make us to understand	Instructor is having good knowledge of the subject and trying her level best to simplify the problems and make us to understand.
2013	Summer 2013	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	class interactive	Class should be more interactive.
2013	Summer 2013	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	improvements ..	No improvements..
2013	Summer 2013	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	find really good	I find her really good
2013	Summer 2013	Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	liked course	I liked this course
2018	First Summer 2018	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	quizzes assignments strongly correlate the readings	The quizzes and other assignments strongly correlate to the readings.
2018	First Summer 2018	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	instructor uses book instructional videos teach the class videos often inadequate inaccurate	Instructor uses the book and instructional videos to teach the class. Videos are often inadequate or inaccurate.
2018	First Summer 2018	 Intro to Machine Learning	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	well clearly online course setup permit to exert the least effort possible could take her materials upload to canvas cut her the process entirely the effect	Well, she clearly has the online course setup so as to permit her to exert the least effort possible. You could take her materials, upload them to Canvas, and cut her out of the process entirely for the same effect.
2018	First Summer 2018	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	create curriculum involve videos something that clear	Create a curriculum that does not involve these videos and something that is more clear.
2018	First Summer 2018	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	great online course	It was great for an online course.
2018	First Summer 2018	 Intro to Machine Learning	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	... everywhere think instructor understanding what online summer course look like organization summer courses compact focused meaning students the instructor should demonstrate good organizational skills that precious time is wasted trying locate materials the instructor has organized canvas page one long list of materials and resources organized the date are meant to viewed this means since they're not sorted by the information they're related to is nearly impossible to find specific file to refer back to since know of the literally dozens of videos and links are relevant to what trying to find you're always better finding different resource online every single instruction every single assignment text file that means no visual examples no way to follow along setting the various programs and environments needed to complete course materials text file that even bother to host canvas so she redirects you to page to view it this means that you can't view the instructions an embedded canvas window and to go on scavenger hunt of links to find an assignment's instructions additionally assignments often contained instructions that contradicted every group assignment on canvas contained the phrase one group member submits this exercise for the whole group as well as link to the document instructions however the document instructions visible you click would say student should upload this part of the project individually this is needlessly confusing and only occurred the instructor was lazy to create unique assignment page for each project instead reusing the one for the mere four assignments this sort of pointless and confusing corner cutting is perfect example of the instructor's approach to teaching another great example of plan misinformation was the required texts for the course in the syllabus the required texts are listed as follows textbook introduction to machine learning second edition ethem the press introduction to data mining by pang ning tan michael steinbauch and vipin kumar addison wesley however in group assignment the instructor alerts us that there is indeed another required text to that assignment in text instructions she includes read textbook hadoop the definitive guide chapter meet hadoop chapter map reduce chapter the hadoop distributed file system chapter developing map reduce application chapter map reduce works chapter map reduce types and formats chapter map reduce features so not only provided new never seen textbook in instructions that see you opened and guarantee you no one goes the start of the class looking for phantom textbooks the instructor may have forgotten to mention she also assigns seven chapters of reading in the same stroke understand that summer courses are intended to be focused the point of an instructor is surprisingly to instruct not to assign with broad brush an unrealistic amount of work that you would only have foreknowledge of if you bothered to download and read the instructions for every assignment from the beginning of the class course material everything you touched in this course that related to the course material was always so ancient that have hard time believing relevant it's not like machine learning is modern highly competitive field that has changed with the landscape of technology one textbook was published in the the newest piece of information in the course was published in the software used to perform assignments updates ended in pu initial release in win released in programs are old clunky and not at intuitive to use because the instructors directions are merely plain text for every program it required herculean effort just to get to the point you could start the assignment you manage to get the programs working the actual assignments were so trivial so as to be useless to learning frequently only amounting to copying program running it and submitting screenshot of the output this sort of pointless homework nothing to reinforce course materials and only serves as waste of time this instructor is lazy plain and simple she is too lazy to put effort her canvas page to make it navigable she is too lazy to update her course materials and assignments with anything from the last decade she is too lazy to make assignment instructions clear and understandable and she is too lazy to use anything but copy and paste template that would be willing to be be using since she got tenure at the university this woman is teaching level classes is beyond why she is not forced to update her material attempt to improve upon her teaching is an absolute enigma to me why she continues to maintain at this university despite clear disregard for the quality of learning she provides to her students fills me with an almost indescribable amount of frustration this instructor wasted time she wasted my money and she taught me nothing repeat the subject every single bit of information have from this past month has garnered from internet resources i've found and there was no point in me enrolled in this course i've come back to edit this in order to head off possible dismissal of these claims if the solution to these complaints is to reach to the professor and ask for clarification on unclear assignments or communication assure you that this was attempted take this post on the canvas discussion page regarding group assignment you post clearer instruction for this don't know what to do with these programs to get the results this post received no response from the instructor the assignment instructions were not updated and not action was taken in any way to clarify the ambiguity text text	What is... everywhere? I think this instructor has no understanding of what an online summer course should look like. 1. Organization: Summer courses are compact and focused meaning that BOTH the students AND the instructor should demonstrate good organizational skills so that precious time is not wasted trying to locate materials. The instructor has organized her Canvas page as one long list of materials and resources, organized by the date they are meant to be viewed. This means, since they're not sorted by the information they're related to, it is nearly impossible to find a specific file to refer back to. Since you don't know which of the literally dozens of videos and links are relevant to what you're trying to find, you're always better off finding a different resource online. Every single instruction for every single assignment was a text file. That means there were no visual examples, no way to follow along with setting up the various programs and environments needed to complete course materials. A text file that she couldn't even bother to host on Canvas, so she redirects you to a UNCC page to view it. This means that you can't view the instructions in an embedded Canvas window, and have to go on a scavenger hunt of links to find an assignment's instructions. Additionally, assignments often contained instructions that contradicted themselves. Every group assignment on Canvas contained the phrase "one group member submits this Exercise for the whole group", as well as a link to the .txt document instructions. However, the txt document instructions, only visible if you click, would say "Each student should upload this part of the project individually." This is needlessly confusing, and only occurred because the instructor was too lazy to create a unique assignment page for each project, instead reusing the same one for the mere four assignments. This sort of pointless and confusing corner cutting is a perfect example of the instructor's approach to teaching. Another great example of just plan misinformation was the required texts for the course. In the syllabus, the required texts are listed as follows: Textbook: 1. " Introduction to Machine Learning " , Second Edition, Ethem ALPAYDIN, The MIT Press, 2010: ISBN-10: 0-262-01243-X, ISBN-13: 978-0-262-01243-0 2. "Introduction to Data Mining" by Pang-Ning Tan, Michael Steinbauch, and Vipin Kumar. Addison Wesley, 2005. ISBN: 0321321367 However, in group assignment 04, the instructor alerts us that there is indeed another required text to do that assignment. In those text instructions, she includes: 2. Read from textbook : "Hadoop the Definitive Guide" http://www.amazon.com/Hadoop-Definitive-Guide-Tom-White/dp/1491901632 - Chapter 1 Meet Hadoop , - Chapter 2 MapReduce , - Chapter 3 The Hadoop Distributed File System , - Chapter 6 Developing a MapReduce Application , - Chapter 7 How MapReduce Works , - Chapter 8 MapReduce Types and Formats , - Chapter 9 MapReduce Features So not only provided a new never before seen textbook in instructions that wouldn't see until you opened them, (and I guarantee you no one goes through at the start of the class looking for phantom textbooks the instructor may have forgotten to mention), she also assigns seven chapters of reading in the same stroke. I understand that summer courses are intended to be focused, but the point of an instructor is, surprisingly, to instruct. Not to assign with a broad brush an unrealistic amount of work that you would only have foreknowledge of if you bothered to download and read the instructions for every assignment from the beginning of the class. 2. Course material: Everything you touched in this course that related to the course material was always so ancient that I have a hard time believing it's relevant. It's not like machine learning is a modern, highly competitive field that has changed with the landscape of technology. One textbook was published in 2005, the other, the newest piece of information in the course, was published in 2010. The software we used to perform assignments, RSES (Updates ended in 2005), PuTTY (Initial release in 1999), WinSCP (released in 2000). These programs are old, clunky, and not at all intuitive to use. Because the instructors directions are merely plain text, for every program it required Herculean effort just to get to the point where you could start the assignment. After you did manage to get the programs working, the actual assignments were so trivial so as to be useless to learning. Frequently only amounting to copying a program, running it, and submitting a screenshot of the output. This sort of pointless "homework" does nothing to reinforce course materials and only serves as a waste of time. This instructor is lazy, plain and simple. She is too lazy to put any effort into her Canvas page to make it more navigable. She is too lazy to update her course materials and assignments with anything from the last decade. She is too lazy to make assignment instructions clear and understandable. And she is too lazy to use anything but a copy and paste template that I would be willing to be she's be using since she got tenure at the University. Why this woman is teaching 4000 level CS classes is beyond me. Why she is not forced to update her material or attempt to improve upon her teaching is an absolute enigma to me. Why she continues to maintain at this university, despite a clear disregard for the quality of learning she provides to her students, fills me with an almost indescribable amount of frustration. This instructor wasted my time, she wasted my money, and she taught me nothing, I repeat NOTHING, about the subject. Every single bit of information I have from this past month has been garnered from internet resources I've found myself, and there was no point in me being enrolled in this course. P.S. I've come back to edit this in order to head off a possible dismissal of these claims. If the solution to these complaints is to reach out to the professor and ask for clarification on unclear assignments or communication, I assure you that this was attempted. Take this post on the Canvas discussion page regarding a group assignment: Can you post a clearer instruction for this ? I don't know what to do with these 2 programs to get the results. This post received no response from the instructor. The assignment instructions were not updated, and not action was taken in any way to clarify the ambiguity.
2018	Second Summer 2018	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good concepts	Good concepts
2018	Second Summer 2018	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	wide coverage topics	Wide coverage of topics
2018	Second Summer 2018	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	online that's	It's online. That's about it.
2018	Second Summer 2018	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good teaching	Good teaching!
2018	Second Summer 2018	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	class videos helpful	the class project is interesting. The class videos are helpful.
2018	Second Summer 2018	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	course extensive	The course is extensive.
2018	Second Summer 2018	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	great person teacher uses good examples poor communicating students email online course	Great person and teacher, uses good examples. Poor at communicating with students over email in an online course.
2018	Second Summer 2018	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	online course	Online Course
2018	Second Summer 2018	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	course organised	Course should have been more organised
2018	Second Summer 2018	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	available to students respond to emails timely manner	To be more available to students and respond to emails in a timely manner
2018	Second Summer 2018	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	material better helps understand unclear parts book	Material that better helps understand unclear parts of the book
2018	Second Summer 2018	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	instructor answer emails everything communicated the even the told contact grade question the instructor not answer	The instructor does not answer emails. Everything is communicated through the TA. Even when the TA told me to contact her about a grade question, the instructor did not answer.
2018	Second Summer 2018	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	online class focus content purpose need know class student always read long chapter and get test quizz and professor make video clip blurry	The online class should focus more about content and purpose what we need to know in this class because student always read long chapter and get test quizz and professor make video clip so blurry.
2018	Second Summer 2018	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	online course	Online Course
2018	Second Summer 2018	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	wording the test questions could clear also perhaps taking the tests person rather online would be better the instructor especially the as poor job communicating in online summer course	The wording on the test questions could be more clear. Also perhaps taking the tests in person rather than online would be better. The instructor and TAs, but especially the TAs, did a very poor job of communicating with me in this online summer course.
2018	Second Summer 2018	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	hard understand due to extremely low volume videos the videos also often split lecture recordings gaps videos miss information	She can be hard to understand due to the extremely low volume on her videos. The videos are also often split up lecture recordings, with gaps in between videos so we miss information.
2018	Second Summer 2018	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	since project requires coding java would helpful the class java prerequisite does cover java tutorial it also would be nice if have projects code exercises the different algorithms covered in the class	Since the project requires coding in java, it would be helpful if the class does have a java prerequisite or does cover a java tutorial. It also would be nice if we can have more projects, code exercises with the different algorithms covered in the class.
2018	Second Summer 2018	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	lots work maybe much	Lots of work, maybe too much
2018	Second Summer 2018	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	instructor could bother find good videos record lectures the textbook fine the video content is sub-par disappointing the group project is relevant to the class and make sense	The instructor could bother to find good videos or record her own lectures. The textbook is fine, but the video content is sub-par and disappointing. The group project is not relevant to the class and doesn't make any sense.
2018	Second Summer 2018	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	nill	Nill
2018	Second Summer 2018	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	writing java operating systems networking class really	Writing a GUI in Java for an operating systems and networking class? Really?
2018	Second Summer 2018	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	i'm surprised tube channel still rehosted many channels videos would thought would buried copyright claims point	I'm surprised her YouTube channel is still up - she's rehosted so many other channels' videos I would have thought it would be buried in copyright claims at this point.
2018	Second Summer 2018	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	great class difficult wording exams poor communication needs designated office hours meet the professor and the person	Great class other than the difficult wording on exams and poor communication. There needs to be designated office hours where you can meet with the professor and/or the TAs in person.
2018	Second Summer 2018	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	online course	Online Course
2018	Second Summer 2018	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	instructor needs readily available put office hours email the syllabus yet she available	The instructor needs to be more readily available. She put her office hours and email on the syllabus yet she is not available.
2018	Spring 2018	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	instructor provides recorded videos materials posted even the class helped prepared to the class	The instructor provides recorded videos of materials posted even before the class. This helped me to be prepared to the class.
2018	Spring 2018	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	provides good understanding various algorithms	It provides good understanding of various algorithms
2018	Spring 2018	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	really like professor posts the videos lecture material ahead time enjoyed the cloudera and hadoop cluster exercises useful everyone the class perform rather group it was good learning experience	I really like that the professor posts the videos and lecture material ahead of time. I enjoyed the cloudera and UNCC DSBA hadoop cluster exercises. It was very useful to have everyone in the class perform this rather than as a group because it was such a good learning experience.
2018	Spring 2018	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good teaching skills presentation material	Good teaching skills and presentation material.
2018	Spring 2018	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	gives sufficient time assignment completion	Gives sufficient time for assignment completion.
2018	Spring 2018	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	homework assignments	Homework assignments
2018	Spring 2018	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	active learning encouraged content is proper	-Active learning is encouraged -Content is proper
2018	Spring 2018	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	teaching skills	Teaching skills
2018	Spring 2018	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	useful dealing databases advancement in technology possible using huge data	Very useful in dealing with databases. Advancement in technology is possible using huge data
2018	Spring 2018	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	seriously seen strength course neither instructor	Seriously, I haven't seen any strength of the course neither instructor.
2018	Spring 2018	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	touches basic topics the field sincere make us understand she also introduces us different kind of softwares and tools	She touches the basic topics of the field and is very sincere to make us understand those. She also introduces us with different kind of softwares and tools.
2018	Spring 2018	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	strength course loads of topics covered	The strength of this course is loads of topics are covered.
2018	Spring 2018	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	seemed experienced teaching class	She seemed experienced in teaching the class.
2018	Spring 2018	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	course great	The course is great
2018	Spring 2018	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	knowledge	Knowledge
2018	Spring 2018	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	assignments	Assignments
2018	Spring 2018	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good examples covered good teaching concepts regarding fundamental concepts materials	Good Examples covered,good teaching concepts regarding fundamental concepts of the materials.
2018	Spring 2018	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	new technologies like cloudera hive pig spark etc introduced useful development knowledge in computing	New technologies like cloudera hive, pig, spark etc are introduced which is very useful in development of knowledge in computing
2018	Spring 2018	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	course great course take needed class to make full time this choice	This course is a great course. I didn't have to take it,but I needed a class to make me full time and this was my only choice
2018	Spring 2018	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	assignments outrageously difficult	The assignments were not outrageously difficult.
2018	Spring 2018	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	instructor everything laid course plan also provided lot extra information the topics covering that could get better idea of covered	The instructor has everything laid out in a course plan, and she also provided a lot of extra information on the topics that we are covering so that you could get a better idea of what is being covered.
2018	Spring 2018	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	provides sufficient feedback	Provides sufficient feedback
2018	Spring 2018	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	well educative interesting	Well educative and interesting
2018	Spring 2018	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	midterm final instead should coding assignments	There should be no midterm and final. Instead of that we should do more coding assignments.
2018	Spring 2018	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	according materials the way instructor teaches and based experience class respects believe this graduate level course in the best case is high school course materials extremely basic counting the number appearances computing running simple codes in applications to see the result is not grad student supposed to learn the research is big brand and supposed to learn much data mining pattern recognition and knowledge discovery techniques instructor organize the course materials this is not acceptable to see many descriptions instructions and resource for course materials assignments and project to clear is external link in canvas transfers to the course material webpage which contains slides videos and assignment project definitions one of mentioned files are also uploaded to the canvas as well in many cases with differences everybody agreed understanding the assignments takes much much more time the assignment furthermore there are too many sub-link in each link which directs you to another page in this case you see find something in one webpage it is difficult to find it you close it due to too many links believe instructor is responsible to organize the course materials for ease of use encounter with this problem lot of time especially doing the project different phases that instructor asked something while in assignment definition wanted something else real instructor is late class starts and everybody are in the class very very rarely saw the instructor comes on time maybe times usually shows at least minutes up to minutes late believe grad students register each individual course for specific goal and time and effort must be respected appreciated this is not respectful professional to wait half an hour to see the instructor if there was not roll attendance very session could be held everybody could leave after-mins moreover there is break in the middle of class usually asked to be in the class in but instructor comes back and starts the class after maybe minutes come on it is instructor should be responsible for responding students emails students cannot talk to about some problems is responsible for assignments not anything else smile is good even in the class personally if not see sign of kindness like smile in somebody would never go and ask question or share something with that guy student should feel comfortable when she talks to person this feeling gets worse when few times you try to ask something like find ... or can ... and get this aggressive response it is written if knew where it is written according to toooooo many links web pages would ask this is not good to have the elementary school atmosphere in the graduate level course where you always being told that if you do not do something you lose points heard it thousand times we are to learn something the grade is not important that much the worst part is doing assignment and exams using word it is real torture to draw trees and labeling write equations with subscripts superscripts and prepare some kind of flowchart using word for single assignment or even the exam we could do it quickly using pen and paper while we must do it using word that takes time at least times more what is the point as an adult we can do it clean and clear pen and paper if we we deserve point deduction this is not cool to waste time on unnecessary things some videos are provided many of them are ridiculous poor video voice quality the recorder moves the camera lot which causes headache you are not able to hear the instructor and or see the board have taken lots of online courses in which the instructor sits and records the video alone in quiet room the video shows the slides and instructor is well prepared for recording talks behind clearly and you can find everything you want easily at the end with all respect to everybody this class was all about wasting too much time to get easy learning point just regret to take this class and would never recommend it to anybody minutes	According to the materials, and the way instructor teaches and based on my experience in this class, with all respects, I believe: 1- This is not a graduate level course, in the best case it is high school course. Materials are extremely basic. Counting the number of appearances, computing UNION, running some simple codes in applications to see the result is not what grad student supposed to learn for the research. KDD is a big brand and I supposed to learn much more about data mining, pattern recognition, and knowledge discovery techniques. 2- Instructor should organize the course materials. This is not acceptable to see too many descriptions, instructions, and resource for course materials such as assignments and project. To be clear, there is an external link in canvas which transfers you to the course material webpage which contains slides, videos and assignment/project definitions. While each one of mentioned files are also uploaded to the canvas as well, but in many cases with differences. Everybody agreed that understanding the assignments takes much much more time than doing the assignment. Furthermore, there are too many sub-link in each link which directs you to another page. In this case, if you see/find something in one webpage, it is very difficult to find it again after you close it due to too many links. I believe any instructor is responsible to organize the course materials for ease of use. I encounter with this problem a lot of time especially when I was doing the project different phases that instructor asked something, while in assignment definition they wanted something else. THIS IS a real HEADACHE! 3- Instructor is ALWAYS late. class starts at 6:30 and everybody are in the class. Very very rarely I saw the instructor comes on time (maybe 1 or 2 times). She usually shows up at least 20-25 minutes up to 45 minutes late. I believe grad students, register each individual course for a specific goal and their time and effort must be respected/appreciated. This is not respectful/professional to wait half an hour MANY TIMES to see the instructor. If there was not roll attendance, very few session could be held because everybody could leave after 15-20mins. Moreover, there is a break in the middle of class, usually, we have being asked to be in the class in 10 mins but instructor comes back and starts the class after maybe 20 minutes. Come on! it is 8:45 PM! 4- Instructor should be responsible for responding students emails. Students cannot talk to TA about some problems! TA is only responsible for assignments, not anything else. 5- Smile is good, even in the class! Personally, if I do not see a sign of kindness (like a smile) in somebody, I would never go and ask a question or share something with that guy. A student should feel comfortable when he/she talks to a person. This feeling gets worse when few times you try to ask something like "where can I find ..." or "How can I ..." and get this aggressive response: "It is written!". If I knew where it is written (according to toooooo many links/web pages), why I would ask? 6- This is not good to have the elementary school atmosphere in the graduate level course where you always being told that "if you do not do something, you will lose points". Heard it thousand times. We are here to learn something, the grade is not important that much! 7- The worst part is doing assignment and exams using MS Word. It is a real torture to draw trees and labeling them, write equations with subscripts, superscripts, and prepare some kind of flowchart using Word. For a single assignment or even the exam, we could do it quickly using pen and paper while we must do it using Word that takes time at least 3-4 times more. What is the point? As an adult, we can do it clean and clear by pen and paper, if we don't, we deserve point deduction. This is not cool to waste time on unnecessary things. 8- Some videos are provided. Many of them are just ridiculous. Poor video/voice quality, the recorder moves the camera a lot which causes a headache. You are not able to hear the instructor and/or see the board. I have taken lots of online courses in which, the instructor sits and records the video alone in a quiet room. The video shows the slides and instructor -who is well prepared for recording- talks behind clearly and you can find out everything you want easily. At the end, with all respect to everybody, this class was all about wasting too much time to get easy "A". No learning point! I just regret to take this class and I would never recommend it to anybody.
2018	Spring 2018	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	presentations must interactive rather teams asking fixed questions relevant	Presentations must be interactive rather than teams asking fixed questions which aren't relevant.
2018	Spring 2018	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	make interactive	Can make more interactive
2018	Spring 2018	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	explain coding part math detail	Explain more about the coding part and math detail
2018	Spring 2018	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	instructor improve the quality teaching assignments the assignments should require coding instead of running pre-written code should less assignments per week	The instructor should improve the quality of teaching and assignments. The assignments should require coding instead of just running a pre-written code. There should be less assignments per week.
2018	Spring 2018	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	course content structured well students stay confused has to be done practicals on hadoop exercises class on-screen be helpful	-Course content has to be structured well -Students stay confused on what has to be done -Some practicals on hadoop and other exercises in the class on-screen will be helpful
2018	Spring 2018	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	effective speaking	Effective speaking
2018	Spring 2018	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	understanding explaining topic well must	Understanding and explaining the topic well is a must.
2018	Spring 2018	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	assignments need new assigning topics since years assignments teaching concepts be updated data mining domain has rapid changes going	Assignments need to be new. She has been assigning the same topics since 2 years. Assignments and some other teaching concepts should be updated as data mining domain has rapid changes going on.
2018	Spring 2018	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	professor always late class interest teaching always teaches in monotonous tone	Professor is always late to the class. She has no interest in teaching, always teaches in a monotonous tone.
2018	Spring 2018	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	enough time class complete group activities often to meet earlier stay to complete the in-class assignments	There was not enough time in class to complete the group activities and often we had to meet earlier or stay after to complete the in-class assignments.
2018	Spring 2018	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	ms tzacheva consistently arrived late class would often times try to go time limit to compensate the latest ever arrived approximately minutes the start class expected to code hadoop and map reduce cloudera without instruction she would often times reference power point presentations from many months prior and lecture power points lecturing on the material the current day her instructions were unclear and she would change her requirements the last minute she would never alert us these changes without prompting from the class the topics were discussed in vague and incomprehensible manner due to her late arrival to the course we would enough time left to work on in-class assignments were due the night at :p	Ms. Tzacheva consistently arrived late to class and would often times try to go over the time limit to compensate. The latest she had ever arrived was approximately 45 minutes after the start of class. We were expected to code with Hadoop and MapReduce in Cloudera without any instruction from her. She would often times reference PowerPoint presentations from many months prior and lecture on these PowerPoints again before lecturing on the material for the current day. Her instructions were unclear and she would change her requirements at the last minute. She would never alert us about these changes without prompting from the class. The topics were discussed in a vague and incomprehensible manner. Due to her late arrival to the course, we would not have enough time left to work on in-class assignments which were due the same night at 11:55pm.
2018	Spring 2018	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	way presentation could better like illustrating the help of examples relating the real world problems	The way of presentation could be better like illustrating more with the help of examples and relating to the real world problems.
2018	Spring 2018	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	need advance topics along introduction	Need to advance the topics along with introduction.
2018	Spring 2018	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	course detailed oriented instead tasks focusing running programs on hadoop cluster focus should have been on the construction of programs the project should on implementing group project rather presentations	Course should have been more detailed oriented. Instead of tasks focusing on just running the programs on Hadoop cluster, focus should have been on the construction of programs. The project should be on implementing a group project rather than presentations.
2018	Spring 2018	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	instructor improve the course topics teaching method the assignments should coding-based and require students actually implement the concepts running pre-written program	The instructor should improve the course topics and teaching method. The assignments should be coding-based and require students to actually implement the concepts than just running a pre-written program.
2018	Spring 2018	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	project	Project
2018	Spring 2018	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	professor always late programs given rather asking you to develop let the student think	Professor is always late All the programs are given to you rather than asking you to develop them, which doesn't let the student think
2018	Spring 2018	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	topics taught the class are relevant in the software industry	The topics that are taught in the class are not relevant in the software industry.
2018	Spring 2018	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	none side	None from my side
2018	Spring 2018	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	effective teaching style more discpline class room distracting is guy watching netflix shows next smaller class would help better textbooks clearer teaching the teach the class time harsh grading on the homework there effective way to prevent students copying people's homework	More effective teaching style, or more discpline in the class room. It is distracting when there is a guy watching netflix shows next to me. Smaller class would help. Better textbooks, clearer teaching. Not have the TA teach the class, being on time. Harsh grading on the homework, but there wasn't an effective way to prevent students copying other people's homework.
2018	Spring 2018	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	interaction needed	More interaction is needed.
2018	Spring 2018	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	none	None
2018	Spring 2018	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	course needs material restructuring	Course needs material restructuring
2018	Spring 2018	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	whole class basically reading textbook answering questions maybe add forms learning	The whole class was basically reading a textbook and answering questions. Maybe add some other forms of learning.
2018	Spring 2018	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	area improvement	No area for improvement
2018	Spring 2018	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	overall good course	In overall, it's a good course
2018	Spring 2018	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	add structure course communicate changes students soon as made stick to the original format devoting half of the class time to lecturing minutes break and the remaining time to in-class exercises please arrive time for class and remain within the designated time limit as night course ended :p commuter students could remain behind long enough for to finish her instructions more flexible office hours	Add more structure to the course and communicate changes with students as soon as they are made. Stick to the original format of devoting half of the class time to lecturing, 15 minutes for a break, and the remaining time to in-class exercises. Please arrive on time for class and remain within the designated time limit. As this was a night course that ended at 9:15pm, commuter students could not remain behind long enough for her to finish her instructions. Have more flexible office hours.
2018	Spring 2018	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	sheer volume the amount material went quite overwhelming	The sheer volume in the amount of material we went over was quite overwhelming.
2018	Spring 2018	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	challenging coursework	More challenging coursework
2018	Spring 2018	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	good dealing data mining in distributed environment	She is good in dealing with data mining in distributed environment .
2018	Spring 2018	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	implementation hadoop	More implementation on Hadoop
2018	Spring 2018	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	overall good advanced course	Overall a good advanced course
2018	Spring 2018	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	everything mentioned	Everything is mentioned above!
2018	Spring 2018	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	expected course	I have expected more from this course.
2018	Spring 2018	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	overall good course learn new software	Overall, it is a good course to learn new software.
2018	Spring 2018	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	class engaging the professor seemed to there times hear the professor the people talking behind the group assigned to group very little work had to overall the teaching class taught me very little compared to classes within the program	The class wasn't very engaging. The professor seemed to only be there because she had to. There were times where I couldn't hear the professor over the people talking behind me. The group I was assigned to group with did very little work, I had to do most of it. Overall, I the teaching in this class taught me very little compared to other classes within the program.
2018	Spring 2018	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	professor never comes prepared professor takes aroundhour break middle class comes atleast late every class minutes	Professor Never comes prepared. Professor Takes around 1hour break in the middle of class and comes atleast 30 mins late to every class
2018	Spring 2018	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	none side	None from my side
2018	Spring 2018	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	classes made interesting	The classes should be made more interesting
2018	Spring 2018	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	coursework deep programming techniques should be taught	Coursework should be more deep and programming techniques should be taught
2018	Spring 2018	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	great class great course great instructor	Great class, great course , great instructor
2018	Spring 2018	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	projects online class for group absurd	Projects for an online class for group is absurd
2018	Spring 2018	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	none	None
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	everything good	Everything good
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	helpful videos	Very helpful videos
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	thanks abundance learning materials good ppt videos	Thanks for having an abundance of learning materials. That was good to have - ppt, videos.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	informative videos	Very informative videos.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good	Good
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	strength	No strength
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	explained course content well	He explained course content well.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good course	Good course.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good explanation videos	Good explanation in videos
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	change paper pattern encourage learning	Should change paper pattern to encourage learning
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	course material concepts	Course material and concepts
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	video cases exercises good	Video Cases and Exercises are very good.
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good assignments	Good assignments
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good course work	Good course work
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	group presentations made class interactive	Group presentations made the class interactive
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	approach teach every topics	Approach to teach each and every topics
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	applicable	Na
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	course tries showcase practical examples	The course tries to showcase practical examples
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	consistently provided extensions assignments	-That she consistently provided extensions on the assignments
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	assignments detailed notes	Assignments and detailed notes
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	project work	Project Work
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	flexible helped lot learning	Very flexible and helped a lot in learning AWS
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	provided practical theoretical knowledge regarding subject	Provided practical and theoretical knowledge regarding the subject
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	instructor flexible good knowledge the subject	The instructor is very flexible and has good knowledge of the subject
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	none total waste money	None. It was a total waste of money
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	course easy useful	Course was easy and useful.
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good understanding concepts	Good understanding of concepts
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	none easy requires work no learning whatsoever that's expect networking class	None. It's an easy A that requires no work and no learning whatsoever. That's not what you expect from a networking class.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	picked good videos explain topics	Picked good videos to explain topics.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	always updated course canvas	Always updated the course on canvas.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	freedom more uses	More freedom, more uses.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	thought class material easy learned lot read the textbook	I thought the class material was very easy. I only learned a lot because I read the textbook.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	video quality improve machine learning concepts can included course work	Video quality can improve Machine Learning concepts can be included in the course work
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	none	None
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	class room	It should be class room
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	everything course percent similarity cloud computing including course materials assignments please teach significant things	Everything. The course has 50 percent similarity with Cloud computing including Course materials and assignments. Please teach some significant things
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	good	Good
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	hadoop related assignments	More Hadoop related assignments.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	think examples worked topics learning would useful	I think a few more examples worked out for the topics we are learning would be useful
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	everything good	Everything good
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	professor respond queries doubts mails piazza regarding learning video lectures highly ineffective bad audio and video quality professor not available office hours lack hand's experience lectures are theoretical and difficulty relating to real world scenarios	TAs and Professor do not respond to queries/doubts/mails/piazza regarding the learning. Video lectures are highly ineffective with Bad audio and Video quality. Professor is not available during her Office hours. Lack of Hand's On Experience. Lectures are theoretical and have Difficulty relating to real world scenarios.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	kindly make videos taken specifically course current videos which are taken class much noise are proper for learning	Kindly make videos which are taken specifically for the course. Current videos which are taken in class have too much noise and are not proper for learning.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	course engaging hands the tools used the assignment outdated	The course should be more engaging and hands on. The tools used for the assignment are outdated.
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	professor always late yet required students stay end class to sign mandatory attendance	Professor was always late yet required students to stay until end of class to sign in mandatory attendance
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	hands assignments needed	Hands on assignments needed
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	nil	Nil
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	everything put effort teach pathetic prof till	Everything. She does not put any effort to teach. Pathetic prof till now
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	nothing	Nothing
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	think everything perfect	I think everything was perfect
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	number students class	Number of students in the class
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	professor show time class least send note the a's leading the class instead provide review the midterm final exam	-Have the professor show up on time to class or at least send out a note that the TA's will be leading the class instead -Provide more review for the midterm and final exam
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	professor seem interested to teaching the class instead big batch of students the class get devided student classes	The professor doesn't seem to be interested to teaching at all in the class. Instead of having a big batch of 80 students, the class should get devided into 2 40 student classes
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	effort faculty help students understand topics	More effort by faculty to help students understand the topics
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	class could interactive assignments could have been more informative	Class could have been more interactive and assignments could have been more informative
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	relevant topics taught better way	More relevant topics should be taught and in a better way
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	presentations	More presentations
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	less assignments	Less assignments
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	feedback quick effective	Feedback was quick and effective.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	videos the lectures great get past the first one due poor audio the camera not still	The videos for the lectures were not great. I couldn't get past the first one due to poor audio and the camera not being still.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	probably way online classes option view video materials classroom	Probably have a way so that for online classes there is an option to view a video on the materials or classroom.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	online poorly handled videos lectures videos assignments poor quality	Online is poorly handled. Videos of the lectures and videos for assignments were very poor in quality.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	maybe make power point presentation part the group project topic the students picture	Maybe make the PowerPoint presentation part of the group project a topic that the students can pic.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	provide content helps learning instead weird youtube videos thes find textbook that less physics equation focused include activities that test knowledge basically throw away current class and make literally anything else would improvement	Provide content that helps learning (instead of weird youtube videos from the 90s). Find a textbook that is less physics and equation focused. Include activities that test knowledge. Basically throw away the current class and make literally anything else, it would be an improvement.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	lectures videos ineffective course offered online	Lectures Videos are ineffective, this course should not be offered online.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	everything good	Everything good
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	textbook hard read helped watching videos	Textbook was hard to read but helped after watching videos
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	think team assignments become problem can't force everyone team accountable would suggest future classes to team report card have mandatory meetings teams people sit back let team members group assignments without visibility to the instructor	I think team assignments become a problem when you can't force everyone on the team to be accountable. I would suggest for future classes to have a team report card or have mandatory meetings with teams. People can just sit back and let other team members do group assignments without any visibility to the instructor.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	good	Good
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	please make course active learning course	Please make the course active. It is no learning in this course.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	none	None
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	lot handson practice must promoted course ... software used old	A lot more handson practice must be promoted in this course... Some of the software used are old
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	good environment	Good environment
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	none	None
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	applicable	Na
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	engaging helpful class	Was a very engaging and helpful class
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	many assignments group activities supposed done helped improving practical knowledge and ability to work in groups	Many assignments and group activities are supposed to be done which helped in improving practical knowledge and ability to work in groups
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	nothing	Nothing
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	everything put effort teach pathetic prof till	Everything. She does not put any effort to teach. Pathetic prof till now
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	course easy learn	Course was easy to learn.
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	overall good course	Overall a good course
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	could use work understanding comes online work	Could use more work on understanding when it comes to online work.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	read almost every chapter assigned took learned material the project fantastic well but many people group suggest making the group around people instead	I did read almost every chapter assigned. It took a while but this is what I learned the material from. The project was fantastic as well but there were too many people in each group. My I suggest making the group around 3 people instead of 5.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	What could you have done to improve your learning	could taken handson project order improve upon	I could have taken handson project in order to improve upon
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	What could you have done to improve your learning	none	None
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	What could you have done to improve your learning	finding online material	Finding other online material
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	What could you have done to improve your learning	engage	Engage more
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	What could you have done to improve your learning	taken class course instead online	Taken in class course instead of online.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	What could you have done to improve your learning	everything good	Everything good
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	coding assignments	Coding assignments
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	nil	Nil
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	wish would taken course	I wish I would have not taken this course
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	self study	Do more self study
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	referred videos provided	Referred more videos that were provided
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	watched videos available instructor	Watched more of the videos available by he instructor
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	best expecting university the program productive as thought admissions	I am doing my best, we are expecting more from the university. The program is not as productive as I thought before admissions.
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	make class interesting	Make class more interesting
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	practical knowledge	More practical knowledge
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	internet help	Internet help
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	hands learning	More hands on learning
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	What could you have done to improve your learning	video lectures could stable the camera extremely shaky	The video lectures could have been more stable, the camera was extremely shaky.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	What could you have done to improve your learning	try	Try more.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	What could you have done to improve your learning	focused subject	Focused more on the subject.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	What could you have done to improve your learning	professor actually cares students learning copy-pasting questions textbook assignments and exams ctrl-f skills great	Have a professor that actually cares about her students learning and not just copy-pasting questions from a textbook into "assignments" and "exams". My ctrl-f skills are great now.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	What could you have done to improve your learning	read	Read more.
2019	First Summer 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	well laid course lots student engagement	Well laid out course, lots of student engagement.
2019	First Summer 2019	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good amount work part	Good amount of work for the most part
2019	First Summer 2019	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	summer class everything neatly organized was very easy find everything needed course	As a summer class, everything was very neatly organized and it was very easy to find everything you needed for the course.
2019	First Summer 2019	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	instructor knowledgeable	The instructor was knowledgeable.
2019	First Summer 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	none	None
2019	First Summer 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	improve quality recorded lectures	Improve the quality of recorded lectures.
2019	First Summer 2019	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	lot material learn short amount of time	A lot of material to learn in a short amount of time.
2019	First Summer 2019	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	sometimes workload little much the instructor's videos low video quality the pace is little fast sometimes	Sometimes the workload is a little much. The instructor's videos have low video quality. The pace is a little too fast sometimes.
2019	First Summer 2019	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	video lectures often shaky low quality course videos going required may be worth the investment quality camera and tripod	The video lectures were often shaky and low quality. If course videos are going to be required it may be worth the investment in a quality camera and tripod.
2019	First Summer 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	none videos posted useful	None of the videos posted were useful.
2019	First Summer 2019	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	test questions test students well understand topic how well they precisely memorize sections textbook not enjoy the trick questions present on every test example changing one word otherwise true statement make false not an example of qualty test writing	Test questions should test students on how well they understand a topic, not how well they can precisely memorize sections of the textbook. I did not enjoy the trick questions that were present on every test. For example, changing one word in an otherwise true statement to make it false is not an example of qualty test writing.
2019	First Summer 2019	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	What could you have done to improve your learning	wish time study using powerpoints reading the book able to gain way better amount knowledge could expected	I do wish I had more time to study, but using the powerpoints and reading the book, I was able to gain a way better amount of knowledge than I could have expected.
2019	First Summer 2019	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	What could you have done to improve your learning	studied	Studied more
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Intro to Machine Learning	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	taught deeper understanding machine learning concepts applied day day life	It taught the deeper understanding of how machine learning concepts are applied in day to day life.
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Intro to Machine Learning	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	idea	No idea
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Intro to Machine Learning	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	wide variety resources available	There was a wide variety of resources available.
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good teaching style	Good teaching style!
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	doable exercises assignments let us understand underlying concept easily	Doable exercises and assignments which let us understand the underlying concept easily
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	instructor provided video classroom sessions effective instructor deep knowledge cloud	Instructor has provided video of classroom sessions which are very effective. Instructor and TA have deep knowledge about the cloud.
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	provides good amount resources learning	Provides good amount of resources for learning
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	knowledge	GOOD knowledge
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	abc	Abc
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	detailed assignmnets hands experience with	Detailed assignmnets with hands on experience with AWS
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Intro to Machine Learning	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	think engaging interactive it would better	I think if it was engaging or interactive, it would be better.
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Intro to Machine Learning	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	idea	No idea
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Intro to Machine Learning	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	good	All good.
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	interactive improve student involvement	More interactive and should improve student involvement
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	abc	Abc
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	everything lead understanding supportvie enough	Everything is just lead by TAs TA are not understanding or supportvie enough
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	less group work	Less group work
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	none	None
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	found little curt responses the seemed to discourage interactions the instructor respond to any query assignments empty links errors even acknowledged the instructors	> Found the TA to be a little curt. Responses from the TA seemed to discourage any further interactions. > The instructor didn't respond at all to any query. > Some assignments had empty links and errors which weren't even acknowledged by the instructors.
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Intro to Machine Learning	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	recommend computer science students course for deeper understanding	I recommend for computer science students this course for deeper understanding.
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Intro to Machine Learning	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	think group activities easy group activity	I think the Group Activities were too easy to be a group activity.
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	assignments empty links errors even acknowledged instructors	> Some assignments had empty links and errors which weren't even acknowledged by the instructors.
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	everything seems okay	Everything seems okay.
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	professor reply emails leading entire class	Professor does not reply to any emails only TA are leading entire class.
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	abc	Abc
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Intro to Machine Learning	What could you have done to improve your learning	think questions depth involved critical thinking	I think if the questions were more in depth or involved critical thinking.
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	abc	Abc
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	self learning	Self learning
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	need understand commands used to execute programs hadoop spark	I need to further understand more about the commands used to execute programs in Hadoop or Spark
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	responsive tutors well as forum like piazza students interact	More responsive tutors as well as a forum like Piazza for students to interact
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	everything good	Everything good
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	helpful videos	Very helpful videos
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	thanks abundance learning materials good ppt videos	Thanks for having an abundance of learning materials. That was good to have - ppt, videos.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	informative videos	Very informative videos.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good	Good
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	strength	No strength
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	explained course content well	He explained course content well.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good course	Good course.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good explanation videos	Good explanation in videos
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	change paper pattern encourage learning	Should change paper pattern to encourage learning
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	course material concepts	Course material and concepts
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	video cases exercises good	Video Cases and Exercises are very good.
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good assignments	Good assignments
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good course work	Good course work
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	group presentations made class interactive	Group presentations made the class interactive
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	approach teach every topics	Approach to teach each and every topics
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	applicable	Na
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	course tries showcase practical examples	The course tries to showcase practical examples
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	consistently provided extensions assignments	-That she consistently provided extensions on the assignments
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	assignments detailed notes	Assignments and detailed notes
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	project work	Project Work
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	flexible helped lot learning	Very flexible and helped a lot in learning AWS
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	provided practical theoretical knowledge regarding subject	Provided practical and theoretical knowledge regarding the subject
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	instructor flexible good knowledge the subject	The instructor is very flexible and has good knowledge of the subject
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	none total waste money	None. It was a total waste of money
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	course easy useful	Course was easy and useful.
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good understanding concepts	Good understanding of concepts
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	none easy requires work no learning whatsoever that's expect networking class	None. It's an easy A that requires no work and no learning whatsoever. That's not what you expect from a networking class.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	picked good videos explain topics	Picked good videos to explain topics.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	always updated course canvas	Always updated the course on canvas.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	freedom more uses	More freedom, more uses.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	thought class material easy learned lot read the textbook	I thought the class material was very easy. I only learned a lot because I read the textbook.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	video quality improve machine learning concepts can included course work	Video quality can improve Machine Learning concepts can be included in the course work
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	none	None
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	class room	It should be class room
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	everything course percent similarity cloud computing including course materials assignments please teach significant things	Everything. The course has 50 percent similarity with Cloud computing including Course materials and assignments. Please teach some significant things
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	good	Good
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	hadoop related assignments	More Hadoop related assignments.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	think examples worked topics learning would useful	I think a few more examples worked out for the topics we are learning would be useful
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	everything good	Everything good
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	professor respond queries doubts mails piazza regarding learning video lectures highly ineffective bad audio and video quality professor not available office hours lack hand's experience lectures are theoretical and difficulty relating to real world scenarios	TAs and Professor do not respond to queries/doubts/mails/piazza regarding the learning. Video lectures are highly ineffective with Bad audio and Video quality. Professor is not available during her Office hours. Lack of Hand's On Experience. Lectures are theoretical and have Difficulty relating to real world scenarios.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	kindly make videos taken specifically course current videos which are taken class much noise are proper for learning	Kindly make videos which are taken specifically for the course. Current videos which are taken in class have too much noise and are not proper for learning.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	course engaging hands the tools used the assignment outdated	The course should be more engaging and hands on. The tools used for the assignment are outdated.
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	professor always late yet required students stay end class to sign mandatory attendance	Professor was always late yet required students to stay until end of class to sign in mandatory attendance
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	hands assignments needed	Hands on assignments needed
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	nil	Nil
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	everything put effort teach pathetic prof till	Everything. She does not put any effort to teach. Pathetic prof till now
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	nothing	Nothing
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	think everything perfect	I think everything was perfect
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	number students class	Number of students in the class
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	professor show time class least send note the a's leading the class instead provide review the midterm final exam	-Have the professor show up on time to class or at least send out a note that the TA's will be leading the class instead -Provide more review for the midterm and final exam
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	professor seem interested to teaching the class instead big batch of students the class get devided student classes	The professor doesn't seem to be interested to teaching at all in the class. Instead of having a big batch of 80 students, the class should get devided into 2 40 student classes
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	effort faculty help students understand topics	More effort by faculty to help students understand the topics
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	class could interactive assignments could have been more informative	Class could have been more interactive and assignments could have been more informative
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	relevant topics taught better way	More relevant topics should be taught and in a better way
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	presentations	More presentations
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	less assignments	Less assignments
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	feedback quick effective	Feedback was quick and effective.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	videos the lectures great get past the first one due poor audio the camera not still	The videos for the lectures were not great. I couldn't get past the first one due to poor audio and the camera not being still.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	probably way online classes option view video materials classroom	Probably have a way so that for online classes there is an option to view a video on the materials or classroom.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	online poorly handled videos lectures videos assignments poor quality	Online is poorly handled. Videos of the lectures and videos for assignments were very poor in quality.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	maybe make power point presentation part the group project topic the students picture	Maybe make the PowerPoint presentation part of the group project a topic that the students can pic.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	provide content helps learning instead weird youtube videos thes find textbook that less physics equation focused include activities that test knowledge basically throw away current class and make literally anything else would improvement	Provide content that helps learning (instead of weird youtube videos from the 90s). Find a textbook that is less physics and equation focused. Include activities that test knowledge. Basically throw away the current class and make literally anything else, it would be an improvement.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	lectures videos ineffective course offered online	Lectures Videos are ineffective, this course should not be offered online.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	everything good	Everything good
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	textbook hard read helped watching videos	Textbook was hard to read but helped after watching videos
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	think team assignments become problem can't force everyone team accountable would suggest future classes to team report card have mandatory meetings teams people sit back let team members group assignments without visibility to the instructor	I think team assignments become a problem when you can't force everyone on the team to be accountable. I would suggest for future classes to have a team report card or have mandatory meetings with teams. People can just sit back and let other team members do group assignments without any visibility to the instructor.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	good	Good
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	please make course active learning course	Please make the course active. It is no learning in this course.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	none	None
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	lot handson practice must promoted course ... software used old	A lot more handson practice must be promoted in this course... Some of the software used are old
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	good environment	Good environment
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	none	None
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	applicable	Na
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	engaging helpful class	Was a very engaging and helpful class
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	many assignments group activities supposed done helped improving practical knowledge and ability to work in groups	Many assignments and group activities are supposed to be done which helped in improving practical knowledge and ability to work in groups
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	nothing	Nothing
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	everything put effort teach pathetic prof till	Everything. She does not put any effort to teach. Pathetic prof till now
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	course easy learn	Course was easy to learn.
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	overall good course	Overall a good course
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	could use work understanding comes online work	Could use more work on understanding when it comes to online work.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	read almost every chapter assigned took learned material the project fantastic well but many people group suggest making the group around people instead	I did read almost every chapter assigned. It took a while but this is what I learned the material from. The project was fantastic as well but there were too many people in each group. My I suggest making the group around 3 people instead of 5.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	What could you have done to improve your learning	could taken handson project order improve upon	I could have taken handson project in order to improve upon
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	What could you have done to improve your learning	none	None
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	What could you have done to improve your learning	finding online material	Finding other online material
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	What could you have done to improve your learning	engage	Engage more
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	What could you have done to improve your learning	taken class course instead online	Taken in class course instead of online.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	What could you have done to improve your learning	everything good	Everything good
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	coding assignments	Coding assignments
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	nil	Nil
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	wish would taken course	I wish I would have not taken this course
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	self study	Do more self study
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	referred videos provided	Referred more videos that were provided
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	watched videos available instructor	Watched more of the videos available by he instructor
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	best expecting university the program productive as thought admissions	I am doing my best, we are expecting more from the university. The program is not as productive as I thought before admissions.
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	make class interesting	Make class more interesting
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	practical knowledge	More practical knowledge
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	internet help	Internet help
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	hands learning	More hands on learning
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	What could you have done to improve your learning	video lectures could stable the camera extremely shaky	The video lectures could have been more stable, the camera was extremely shaky.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	What could you have done to improve your learning	try	Try more.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	What could you have done to improve your learning	focused subject	Focused more on the subject.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	What could you have done to improve your learning	professor actually cares students learning copy-pasting questions textbook assignments and exams ctrl-f skills great	Have a professor that actually cares about her students learning and not just copy-pasting questions from a textbook into "assignments" and "exams". My ctrl-f skills are great now.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	What could you have done to improve your learning	read	Read more.
2019	First Summer 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	well laid course lots student engagement	Well laid out course, lots of student engagement.
2019	First Summer 2019	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good amount work part	Good amount of work for the most part
2019	First Summer 2019	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	summer class everything neatly organized was very easy find everything needed course	As a summer class, everything was very neatly organized and it was very easy to find everything you needed for the course.
2019	First Summer 2019	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	instructor knowledgeable	The instructor was knowledgeable.
2019	First Summer 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	none	None
2019	First Summer 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	improve quality recorded lectures	Improve the quality of recorded lectures.
2019	First Summer 2019	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	lot material learn short amount of time	A lot of material to learn in a short amount of time.
2019	First Summer 2019	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	sometimes workload little much the instructor's videos low video quality the pace is little fast sometimes	Sometimes the workload is a little much. The instructor's videos have low video quality. The pace is a little too fast sometimes.
2019	First Summer 2019	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	video lectures often shaky low quality course videos going required may be worth the investment quality camera and tripod	The video lectures were often shaky and low quality. If course videos are going to be required it may be worth the investment in a quality camera and tripod.
2019	First Summer 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	none videos posted useful	None of the videos posted were useful.
2019	First Summer 2019	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	test questions test students well understand topic how well they precisely memorize sections textbook not enjoy the trick questions present on every test example changing one word otherwise true statement make false not an example of qualty test writing	Test questions should test students on how well they understand a topic, not how well they can precisely memorize sections of the textbook. I did not enjoy the trick questions that were present on every test. For example, changing one word in an otherwise true statement to make it false is not an example of qualty test writing.
2019	First Summer 2019	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	What could you have done to improve your learning	wish time study using powerpoints reading the book able to gain way better amount knowledge could expected	I do wish I had more time to study, but using the powerpoints and reading the book, I was able to gain a way better amount of knowledge than I could have expected.
2019	First Summer 2019	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	What could you have done to improve your learning	studied	Studied more
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Intro to Machine Learning	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	taught deeper understanding machine learning concepts applied day day life	It taught the deeper understanding of how machine learning concepts are applied in day to day life.
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Intro to Machine Learning	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	idea	No idea
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Intro to Machine Learning	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	wide variety resources available	There was a wide variety of resources available.
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good teaching style	Good teaching style!
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	doable exercises assignments let us understand underlying concept easily	Doable exercises and assignments which let us understand the underlying concept easily
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	instructor provided video classroom sessions effective instructor deep knowledge cloud	Instructor has provided video of classroom sessions which are very effective. Instructor and TA have deep knowledge about the cloud.
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	provides good amount resources learning	Provides good amount of resources for learning
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	knowledge	GOOD knowledge
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	abc	Abc
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	detailed assignmnets hands experience with	Detailed assignmnets with hands on experience with AWS
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Intro to Machine Learning	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	think engaging interactive it would better	I think if it was engaging or interactive, it would be better.
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Intro to Machine Learning	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	idea	No idea
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Intro to Machine Learning	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	good	All good.
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	interactive improve student involvement	More interactive and should improve student involvement
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	abc	Abc
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	everything lead understanding supportvie enough	Everything is just lead by TAs TA are not understanding or supportvie enough
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	less group work	Less group work
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	none	None
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	found little curt responses the seemed to discourage interactions the instructor respond to any query assignments empty links errors even acknowledged the instructors	> Found the TA to be a little curt. Responses from the TA seemed to discourage any further interactions. > The instructor didn't respond at all to any query. > Some assignments had empty links and errors which weren't even acknowledged by the instructors.
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Intro to Machine Learning	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	recommend computer science students course for deeper understanding	I recommend for computer science students this course for deeper understanding.
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Intro to Machine Learning	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	think group activities easy group activity	I think the Group Activities were too easy to be a group activity.
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	assignments empty links errors even acknowledged instructors	> Some assignments had empty links and errors which weren't even acknowledged by the instructors.
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	everything seems okay	Everything seems okay.
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	professor reply emails leading entire class	Professor does not reply to any emails only TA are leading entire class.
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	abc	Abc
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Intro to Machine Learning	What could you have done to improve your learning	think questions depth involved critical thinking	I think if the questions were more in depth or involved critical thinking.
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	abc	Abc
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	self learning	Self learning
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	need understand commands used to execute programs hadoop spark	I need to further understand more about the commands used to execute programs in Hadoop or Spark
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	responsive tutors well as forum like piazza students interact	More responsive tutors as well as a forum like Piazza for students to interact
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	everything good	Everything good
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	helpful videos	Very helpful videos
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	thanks abundance learning materials good ppt videos	Thanks for having an abundance of learning materials. That was good to have - ppt, videos.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	informative videos	Very informative videos.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good	Good
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	strength	No strength
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	explained course content well	He explained course content well.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good course	Good course.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good explanation videos	Good explanation in videos
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	change paper pattern encourage learning	Should change paper pattern to encourage learning
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	course material concepts	Course material and concepts
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	video cases exercises good	Video Cases and Exercises are very good.
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good assignments	Good assignments
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good course work	Good course work
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	group presentations made class interactive	Group presentations made the class interactive
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	approach teach every topics	Approach to teach each and every topics
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	applicable	Na
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	course tries showcase practical examples	The course tries to showcase practical examples
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	consistently provided extensions assignments	-That she consistently provided extensions on the assignments
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	assignments detailed notes	Assignments and detailed notes
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	project work	Project Work
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	flexible helped lot learning	Very flexible and helped a lot in learning AWS
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	provided practical theoretical knowledge regarding subject	Provided practical and theoretical knowledge regarding the subject
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	instructor flexible good knowledge the subject	The instructor is very flexible and has good knowledge of the subject
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	none total waste money	None. It was a total waste of money
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	course easy useful	Course was easy and useful.
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good understanding concepts	Good understanding of concepts
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	none easy requires work no learning whatsoever that's expect networking class	None. It's an easy A that requires no work and no learning whatsoever. That's not what you expect from a networking class.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	picked good videos explain topics	Picked good videos to explain topics.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	always updated course canvas	Always updated the course on canvas.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	freedom more uses	More freedom, more uses.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	thought class material easy learned lot read the textbook	I thought the class material was very easy. I only learned a lot because I read the textbook.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	video quality improve machine learning concepts can included course work	Video quality can improve Machine Learning concepts can be included in the course work
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	none	None
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	class room	It should be class room
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	everything course percent similarity cloud computing including course materials assignments please teach significant things	Everything. The course has 50 percent similarity with Cloud computing including Course materials and assignments. Please teach some significant things
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	good	Good
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	hadoop related assignments	More Hadoop related assignments.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	think examples worked topics learning would useful	I think a few more examples worked out for the topics we are learning would be useful
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	everything good	Everything good
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	professor respond queries doubts mails piazza regarding learning video lectures highly ineffective bad audio and video quality professor not available office hours lack hand's experience lectures are theoretical and difficulty relating to real world scenarios	TAs and Professor do not respond to queries/doubts/mails/piazza regarding the learning. Video lectures are highly ineffective with Bad audio and Video quality. Professor is not available during her Office hours. Lack of Hand's On Experience. Lectures are theoretical and have Difficulty relating to real world scenarios.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	kindly make videos taken specifically course current videos which are taken class much noise are proper for learning	Kindly make videos which are taken specifically for the course. Current videos which are taken in class have too much noise and are not proper for learning.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	course engaging hands the tools used the assignment outdated	The course should be more engaging and hands on. The tools used for the assignment are outdated.
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	professor always late yet required students stay end class to sign mandatory attendance	Professor was always late yet required students to stay until end of class to sign in mandatory attendance
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	hands assignments needed	Hands on assignments needed
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	nil	Nil
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	everything put effort teach pathetic prof till	Everything. She does not put any effort to teach. Pathetic prof till now
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	nothing	Nothing
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	think everything perfect	I think everything was perfect
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	number students class	Number of students in the class
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	professor show time class least send note the a's leading the class instead provide review the midterm final exam	-Have the professor show up on time to class or at least send out a note that the TA's will be leading the class instead -Provide more review for the midterm and final exam
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	professor seem interested to teaching the class instead big batch of students the class get devided student classes	The professor doesn't seem to be interested to teaching at all in the class. Instead of having a big batch of 80 students, the class should get devided into 2 40 student classes
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	effort faculty help students understand topics	More effort by faculty to help students understand the topics
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	class could interactive assignments could have been more informative	Class could have been more interactive and assignments could have been more informative
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	relevant topics taught better way	More relevant topics should be taught and in a better way
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	presentations	More presentations
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	less assignments	Less assignments
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	feedback quick effective	Feedback was quick and effective.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	videos the lectures great get past the first one due poor audio the camera not still	The videos for the lectures were not great. I couldn't get past the first one due to poor audio and the camera not being still.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	probably way online classes option view video materials classroom	Probably have a way so that for online classes there is an option to view a video on the materials or classroom.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	online poorly handled videos lectures videos assignments poor quality	Online is poorly handled. Videos of the lectures and videos for assignments were very poor in quality.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	maybe make power point presentation part the group project topic the students picture	Maybe make the PowerPoint presentation part of the group project a topic that the students can pic.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	provide content helps learning instead weird youtube videos thes find textbook that less physics equation focused include activities that test knowledge basically throw away current class and make literally anything else would improvement	Provide content that helps learning (instead of weird youtube videos from the 90s). Find a textbook that is less physics and equation focused. Include activities that test knowledge. Basically throw away the current class and make literally anything else, it would be an improvement.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	lectures videos ineffective course offered online	Lectures Videos are ineffective, this course should not be offered online.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	everything good	Everything good
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	textbook hard read helped watching videos	Textbook was hard to read but helped after watching videos
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	think team assignments become problem can't force everyone team accountable would suggest future classes to team report card have mandatory meetings teams people sit back let team members group assignments without visibility to the instructor	I think team assignments become a problem when you can't force everyone on the team to be accountable. I would suggest for future classes to have a team report card or have mandatory meetings with teams. People can just sit back and let other team members do group assignments without any visibility to the instructor.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	good	Good
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	please make course active learning course	Please make the course active. It is no learning in this course.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	none	None
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	lot handson practice must promoted course ... software used old	A lot more handson practice must be promoted in this course... Some of the software used are old
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	good environment	Good environment
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	none	None
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	applicable	Na
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	engaging helpful class	Was a very engaging and helpful class
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	many assignments group activities supposed done helped improving practical knowledge and ability to work in groups	Many assignments and group activities are supposed to be done which helped in improving practical knowledge and ability to work in groups
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	nothing	Nothing
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	everything put effort teach pathetic prof till	Everything. She does not put any effort to teach. Pathetic prof till now
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	course easy learn	Course was easy to learn.
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	overall good course	Overall a good course
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	could use work understanding comes online work	Could use more work on understanding when it comes to online work.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	read almost every chapter assigned took learned material the project fantastic well but many people group suggest making the group around people instead	I did read almost every chapter assigned. It took a while but this is what I learned the material from. The project was fantastic as well but there were too many people in each group. My I suggest making the group around 3 people instead of 5.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	What could you have done to improve your learning	could taken handson project order improve upon	I could have taken handson project in order to improve upon
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	What could you have done to improve your learning	none	None
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	What could you have done to improve your learning	finding online material	Finding other online material
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	What could you have done to improve your learning	engage	Engage more
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	What could you have done to improve your learning	taken class course instead online	Taken in class course instead of online.
2019	Spring 2019	 Knowledge Disc in Databases	What could you have done to improve your learning	everything good	Everything good
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	coding assignments	Coding assignments
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	nil	Nil
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	wish would taken course	I wish I would have not taken this course
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	self study	Do more self study
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	referred videos provided	Referred more videos that were provided
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	watched videos available instructor	Watched more of the videos available by he instructor
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	best expecting university the program productive as thought admissions	I am doing my best, we are expecting more from the university. The program is not as productive as I thought before admissions.
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	make class interesting	Make class more interesting
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	practical knowledge	More practical knowledge
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	internet help	Internet help
2019	Spring 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	hands learning	More hands on learning
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	What could you have done to improve your learning	video lectures could stable the camera extremely shaky	The video lectures could have been more stable, the camera was extremely shaky.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	What could you have done to improve your learning	try	Try more.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	What could you have done to improve your learning	focused subject	Focused more on the subject.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	What could you have done to improve your learning	professor actually cares students learning copy-pasting questions textbook assignments and exams ctrl-f skills great	Have a professor that actually cares about her students learning and not just copy-pasting questions from a textbook into "assignments" and "exams". My ctrl-f skills are great now.
2019	Spring 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	What could you have done to improve your learning	read	Read more.
2019	First Summer 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	well laid course lots student engagement	Well laid out course, lots of student engagement.
2019	First Summer 2019	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good amount work part	Good amount of work for the most part
2019	First Summer 2019	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	summer class everything neatly organized was very easy find everything needed course	As a summer class, everything was very neatly organized and it was very easy to find everything you needed for the course.
2019	First Summer 2019	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	instructor knowledgeable	The instructor was knowledgeable.
2019	First Summer 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	none	None
2019	First Summer 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	improve quality recorded lectures	Improve the quality of recorded lectures.
2019	First Summer 2019	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	lot material learn short amount of time	A lot of material to learn in a short amount of time.
2019	First Summer 2019	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	sometimes workload little much the instructor's videos low video quality the pace is little fast sometimes	Sometimes the workload is a little much. The instructor's videos have low video quality. The pace is a little too fast sometimes.
2019	First Summer 2019	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	video lectures often shaky low quality course videos going required may be worth the investment quality camera and tripod	The video lectures were often shaky and low quality. If course videos are going to be required it may be worth the investment in a quality camera and tripod.
2019	First Summer 2019	 Intro to Computer Networks	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	none videos posted useful	None of the videos posted were useful.
2019	First Summer 2019	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	test questions test students well understand topic how well they precisely memorize sections textbook not enjoy the trick questions present on every test example changing one word otherwise true statement make false not an example of qualty test writing	Test questions should test students on how well they understand a topic, not how well they can precisely memorize sections of the textbook. I did not enjoy the trick questions that were present on every test. For example, changing one word in an otherwise true statement to make it false is not an example of qualty test writing.
2019	First Summer 2019	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	What could you have done to improve your learning	wish time study using powerpoints reading the book able to gain way better amount knowledge could expected	I do wish I had more time to study, but using the powerpoints and reading the book, I was able to gain a way better amount of knowledge than I could have expected.
2019	First Summer 2019	 Intro Oper Syst & Networking	What could you have done to improve your learning	studied	Studied more
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Intro to Machine Learning	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	taught deeper understanding machine learning concepts applied day day life	It taught the deeper understanding of how machine learning concepts are applied in day to day life.
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Intro to Machine Learning	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	idea	No idea
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Intro to Machine Learning	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	wide variety resources available	There was a wide variety of resources available.
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	good teaching style	Good teaching style!
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	doable exercises assignments let us understand underlying concept easily	Doable exercises and assignments which let us understand the underlying concept easily
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	instructor provided video classroom sessions effective instructor deep knowledge cloud	Instructor has provided video of classroom sessions which are very effective. Instructor and TA have deep knowledge about the cloud.
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	provides good amount resources learning	Provides good amount of resources for learning
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	knowledge	GOOD knowledge
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	abc	Abc
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please list outstanding strengths of the course and/or instructor	detailed assignmnets hands experience with	Detailed assignmnets with hands on experience with AWS
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Intro to Machine Learning	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	think engaging interactive it would better	I think if it was engaging or interactive, it would be better.
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Intro to Machine Learning	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	idea	No idea
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Intro to Machine Learning	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	good	All good.
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	interactive improve student involvement	More interactive and should improve student involvement
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	abc	Abc
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	everything lead understanding supportvie enough	Everything is just lead by TAs TA are not understanding or supportvie enough
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	less group work	Less group work
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	none	None
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please suggest areas for improvement of the course and/or instruction method	found little curt responses the seemed to discourage interactions the instructor respond to any query assignments empty links errors even acknowledged the instructors	> Found the TA to be a little curt. Responses from the TA seemed to discourage any further interactions. > The instructor didn't respond at all to any query. > Some assignments had empty links and errors which weren't even acknowledged by the instructors.
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Intro to Machine Learning	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	recommend computer science students course for deeper understanding	I recommend for computer science students this course for deeper understanding.
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Intro to Machine Learning	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	think group activities easy group activity	I think the Group Activities were too easy to be a group activity.
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	assignments empty links errors even acknowledged instructors	> Some assignments had empty links and errors which weren't even acknowledged by the instructors.
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	everything seems okay	Everything seems okay.
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	professor reply emails leading entire class	Professor does not reply to any emails only TA are leading entire class.
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	Please provide other observations, comments, or suggestions	abc	Abc
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Intro to Machine Learning	What could you have done to improve your learning	think questions depth involved critical thinking	I think if the questions were more in depth or involved critical thinking.
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	abc	Abc
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	self learning	Self learning
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	need understand commands used to execute programs hadoop spark	I need to further understand more about the commands used to execute programs in Hadoop or Spark
2019	Second Summer 2019	 Cloud Comp for Data Analysis	What could you have done to improve your learning	responsive tutors well as forum like piazza students interact	More responsive tutors as well as a forum like Piazza for students to interact
